Education: University of Washington: Bachelor’s Degree, Biology; Juris 
Doctor; Master’s Degree, Tax Law
Occupation: Lawyer and West Seattle mom; former Counsel, MLK 
County ExecutiveStatement: Growing up in Washington, I experienced ﬁ  rsthand the 
struggles of our underfunded schools. Still, my life was transformed by the teachers and counselors who went above and beyond to support me. Now, as I prepare to send my daughter into the same underfunded system, like many other parents, I’m worried.
Seattle Public Schools faces a staggering $131 million budget shortfall 
for the 2023-2024 school year. The board is discussing cutting buses and music programs, laying oﬀ   teachers, and even closing schools. It’s clear we need experienced leaders prepared to tackle these issues head-on with innovative solutions and an unwavering commitment to our kids.
I am well equipped to help bring stability and transformation to our 
schools, restoring parental and community conﬁ  dence. As chief legal counsel and policy advisor to the King County Executive, I managed complex policy and budget challenges - working to prioritize equity, accountability, and delivery of services.
With your vote, my top priorities will be: 1)  Ensuring equity
 in education 
for all students, regardless of their background, so that every child 
has the opportunity to succeed; 2) Cultivating safe, inclusive, and welcoming environments , where every student feels valued and 
respected; 3) Empowering educators  through comprehensive support 
and fostering their professional growth, recognizing their critical role in shaping our children’s future; 4) Engaging parents and communities 
to create a collaborative educational system that restores conﬁ  dence in the governance of our district, and reﬂ  ects the diverse needs and perspectives of our city.
Together, I believe we can create a Seattle Public Schools system 
where parents and students look forward to the start of each school day.
I am grateful to have early endorsements from local leaders including 
Executive Dow Constantine, State Representatives Emily Alvarado and Joe Fitzgibbon, and Seattle School Board Director Leslie Harris.
 Gina Topp 
 (253) 691-0135 
 gina@ginatopp.com  www.ginatopp.com 