Education: Bachelor of Arts in Theater, Whitman College; Masters of 
Fine Arts Theater Design Brandeis University
Occupation: School Board Director; Adjunct Lecturer, Mom, 
Community Organizer, Nonproﬁ  t LeaderStatement: As your current School Board Vice President and a 
longtime PTSA leader, I’ve worked over a decade alongside families, educators, and communities across Seattle. I know the incredible 
successes of our schools, and the systemic and institutional challenges 
we face. I’m running to continue working to improve experiences and outcomes for our students, guided by community vision and values.
Over three challenging years, I have demonstrated a deep 
understanding of the issues and complexities facing our schools. 
Throughout the ever-changing pandemic landscape, I worked to make 
positive changes centered on student well-being, from volunteering at COVID test sites and in schools, to championing gun violence prevention and legislation, and leading on inclusive education policy changes in Instructional Philosophy and Special Education.
As the Board’s Legislative Liaison I helped secure additional state 
resources for special education, access to career and technical education, and behavioral health support for students recovering from pandemic disruption and trauma. I led eﬀ  orts to ban isolation and limit restraint in SPS – practices that disproportionately impact students of color and with disabilities. Our policy is a state model for preventative and restorative practices that address high needs and 
cultivate safe, culturally responsive learning environments that beneﬁ  t 
all children.
Together, we can meet the needs of our diverse learners and make 
our public schools the top choice for education for Seattle’s families. I’m committed to navigating budget and enrollment challenges with transparency, clarity, and community partnership– to maximize student beneﬁ  t while operating within our means. I will continue putting my skills and experience to work to rebuild not only trust and 
conﬁ  dence, but joy and excitement throughout our education system. 
I ask for your vote.
Endorsements: Legislators Javier Valdez, Gerry Pollet, Darya Farivar; 
County Councilmember Girmay Zahilay; School Board President Brandon Hersey, National Women’s Political Caucus, more!
 Liza Rankin 
 (503) 395-5253 
 info@elizasrankin.com  www.elizasrankin.com