Education: BA in Political Science University of Cincinnati; MA in 
Sociology (Criminology focus) Cleveland State University
Occupation: Jean Iannelli Craciun Research; Founder Diversity Center 
of Washington; SociologistStatement: I am grateful for the opportunity to serve our District 1 
community (West Seattle, SouthPark, Highland Park, Georgetown, Soho, Delridge, Pioneer Square). 
I grew up the youngest of ﬁ  ve children in Cleveland, Ohio above my 
family’s funeral home. It was there that my elders modeled loving kindness to people in crisis. This was formative in my development as a compassionate person and sociologist. 
I moved to Seattle from Alaska in 2006, continuing to conduct 
research globally, nationally and locally in Washington. In 2018, I founded The Diversity Center of Seattle Washington, working to 
advance diversity, equity and inclusion by driving authentic innovation 
for change in our workplaces and communities. I am a strong West Seattle community member and determined advocate for the rich multi-cultural communities here. 
I am the only candidate in D1 with the knowledge and experience 
of a 30-year researcher, small businessowner, entrepreneur, public school parent, and renter with a lifelong commitment to community engagement. I am a feminist, a proud member of the LGBTQIA2s+ community, breast cancer survivor, and loving Italian Mama to 8 children in our blended family. 
We need all of us participating to solve the complex problems we face 
in our post-pandemic society, including: public safety concerns in our neighborhoods; income inequality; greater aﬀ  ordability in housing; business growth and development; parental leave and addressing the childcare crisis; reimagining transportation corridors to support amenities and work; and equality of opportunity realized in the promise of liberty and justice for all.
As a councilmember, I will lead with unwavering commitment to 
District 1 where everyone is engaged, respected, and valued. I will listen and act on your behalf and we will, together, get things moving toward a safer, more vibrant Seattle. Thank you for your thoughtful consideration and the honor of your vote.
 
 Jean Iannelli Craciun 
 (206) 708-4500 
 info@jeanforseattlecitycouncil.com  www.jeanforseattlecitycouncil.com