Education: B.A. in English & Women Studies; post-grad certiﬁ  cate in 
User-Centered Design, UW
Occupation: Senior Leader in Tech and Mom
Statement: At some point, we all have the choice to put others ﬁ  rst. 
In 2020, Amazon put warehouse workers in unsafe conditions and was failing to act on climate change. As a dedicated employee and mom, I wanted Amazon to do better, and I wanted to show my kids the importance of doing what’s right. I put my career on the line and led thousands of my coworkers to take an unprecedented stand. I 
outlined a plan to win, did the work, and delivered results. Our actions 
led to Amazon’s Climate Pledge, Bezos’s $10 billion Earth Fund, and increased worker safety. 
Now I want to help District 1 and Seattle rise to the challenges of our 
times. We must make rapid, meaningful progress on public safety, homelessness, aﬀ  ordable housing, and climate change. There are more unsheltered people on our streets than ever. Immediately, we need to increase stable permanent housing and coordinate with regional partners to ensure that those experiencing homelessness have paths to necessary resources. 
We need to feel safe in our neighborhoods and parks. We can have 
police and alternative responses; lead with compassion and refuse 
to tolerate harmful behavior; and tackle poverty, mental illness, and 
addiction so that crime decreases. I will be a strong advocate for bringing response times down, while ending racial bias and excessive force.
Climate change is here and our city isn’t ready. With new federal 
funding, I will help lead our city to reduce emissions and protect residents from heatwaves, smoke, and ﬂ  ooding. 
My vision for Seattle is to establish holistic public safety, end 
homelessness, and lead the world into the new green economy. Together we can build a safe, equitable, sustainable city for all. I hope to earn your vote. 
Endorsements: MLK Labor Council, Councilmember Mosqueda, UFCW 
3000, Pizzeria Credo, and more!
 Maren Costa         
 marenforseattle.org 