Education: Master of Social Work, BS (Sociology)– UW; Master of 
Public Administration– The Evergreen State College
Occupation: Clinical Social Worker, VA; former caseworker Downtown 
Emergency Services CenterStatement: As the only
 candidate who has worked in behavioral health 
and housing programs in our city, I have the experience to reverse the 
epidemic of overdose deaths and house the homeless. My candidacy 
represents an opportunity to get Seattle back on track, making it a safe and thriving city for all. 
Throughout my life I have deliberately chosen to work in the helping 
profession—ﬁ  rst as a combat medic in the US Army, and for the last decade as a clinical social worker helping our most vulnerable and building programs that address mental health, addiction, and homelessness. 
We will create a dynamic and robust response to help people in crisis 
with clinicians trained to provide critical behavioral health support. 
With an adequately staﬀ  ed police department and a team of clinicians 
providing crisis interventions, we can eliminate the concentration of criminal activity in parts of the city where it has become problematic. 
I will champion aﬀ  ordable housing solutions that keep working 
families in our city, improving the quality of life for all. I’ll be a voice for 
local businesses, improving our economic recovery. I’ll address West 
Seattle’s mobility needs with roadway investments, pedestrian safety, and clean transit alternatives. As an active Seattle Public Schools volunteer, I’m passionate about the health and future for our kids– from gun violence prevention to immediate climate action.
The standard to help others had been shaped by the example of 
my grandmother who demonstrated the virtue of selﬂ  essness and humility during her lifetime as she cared for many people in profound 
need and left the world a better place because of her courage. I intend 
to lead with that same courage.
I’m a proud union member endorsed by transit operators, building 
trade workers, health care workers, and more. I’d be honored to earn your vote.
 Preston Anderson 
 (206) 671-8218 
 info@prestonforseattle.com  prestonforseattle.com/