Education: BA, George Fox University, MS, University of Oregon, JD, 
Harvard Law School
Occupation: Entrepreneur, startup consultant, husband, father
Statement: I’m a dad, entrepreneur, and community advocate. A 
longtime Seattle resident, I’ve watched politicians put rhetoric over results as countless people have paid the price. I’ve got a serious plan to ﬁ  x it and build the ambitious future we deserve.
I didn’t start life in a place like Roosevelt. I’m the product of a teen 
pregnancy, but my parents eventually managed to buy a house and 
build us a beautiful life. I got really lucky, graduated from Harvard Law 
School, launched a tech company, and have been a business leader since. Journeys like mine are impossible in Seattle today.
Seattle should be a place where people from any background can 
aﬀ  ord to raise a family, build a career, and age in place. I’ll work 
tirelessly to deliver an aﬀ  ordable city that leaves no one on the street. I’ll ﬁ  ght to make it as easy to get around without a car as it is with one, 
leading on livability and climate. 
As a parent, I won’t stop until Seattle is safe for everyone. I’m the 
only candidate with a serious plan: to stop crime before it starts with evidence-based prevention, to quickly send the right professional for each emergency, and to rebuild trust in law enforcement through good governance and accountability.
To build tomorrow’s economy, I’ll double down on our existing 
and emerging strengths, and expand apprenticeships. We’ll attract tomorrow’s workforce with housing and childcare they can aﬀ  ord in 
neighborhoods they want. I’m the only candidate with a plan to build a 
fairer tax code.
I’m proud to be endorsed by unions, climate leaders, the local 
Democrats, business leaders, and current and former electeds like King County Councilmembers Girmay Zahilay and Larry Gosset, Port Commissioners Toshiko Hawegawa, Sam Cho and Ryan Calkins, and many more. I’d be honored by your support. 
 Ron Davis 
 (206) 468-8554 
 info@seattle4ron.com  seattle4ron.com/