Education: Bachelor of Arts, Politcal Science, Whittier College; Master 
of Public Administration, University of Oregon
Occupation: Working for the residents of District 6
Statement: I’m running for reelection because better is not good 
enough. Working with Mayor Harrell, I’ve worked to move homeless from parks and sidewalks to housing without sweeps, to make our communities safer, and to build more aﬀ  ordable housing. I work out of my District Oﬃ   ce and hold weekly oﬃ   ce hours to hear from you directly. We’ve seen progress, and we Must do better.
Public Safety: Yes, “defund the police” was a mistake. I’ve supported fully funding the Police staﬃ   ng and hiring plans every year, created a Public Safety Coordinator in Ballard, increased Harbor Patrol, and 
funded Mobile Crisis teams. Next term, I’ll continue fully funding police 
and working with Mayor Harrell to make policing better and safer.
Homelessness:  I resolved the Woodland Park and Ballard Commons 
encampments without sweeps, expanded outreach teams working 
with people living in cars, and created neighborhood-based homelessness response teams. We need to expand our eﬀ  orts to get homeless into housing, build and buy permanent housing, and push regional partners to act faster.
Housing:  I reformed the city’s processes to build housing faster and 
launched audits on our permitting process. I reduced the threat of 
eviction for tenants while ensuring landlords are made whole. We must increase the stock of family-size units so people of all income levels can aﬀ  ord it here.
Born and raised in District 6, I’m committed to our community’s 
success because I want to raise my kids in a neighborhood that is 
safer than the one I grew up in. I’ve dedicated my life to public service, 
serving with AmeriCorps and working to combat gun violence. Things 
are better, and better isn’t good enough. I ask for your vote to build on 
our success.
Endorsed by MLK Labor Council, Seattle Building Trades, 36th and 
46th Democrats, UFCW 3000, and AG Bob Ferguson.
 Dan Strauss     
 ballard206@gmail.com 
 www.D6danstrauss.org