Education: Master of Science, Community and Regional Planning, UT 
Austin; BA, Anthropology, UT San Antonio
Occupation: Current Seattle City Councilmember, former Rainier 
Beach Action Coalition organizerStatement: It’s been an honor to serve as your Councilmember, and 
I’m running again so that, together, we can continue building a future that includes all of us. I’ve got the experience to organize community-centered approaches and I secure the investments to match. We deliver on our values rather than simply profess them.
My oﬃ   ce has a proven track record of progressive action. We 
committed to investing in historically under-funded schools, so we funded mental health in Southend schools. We said we’d prevent displacement, so we won tenant protections, monumental worker protections like paid sick leave for gig workers, and secured rent control for our small businesses. I secured permanent funding for community-driven development, and for the Green New Deal. All this 
and more in diﬃ   cult times.
Let’s advance these wins even further. I envision housing abundance 
and vibrant small businesses within reach of all generations who 
stay rooted in their community. Children with full stomachs and single mothers with full wallets. Community networks preventing violence rather than just reacting to it. We’ve only just begun building 
alternatives to punishment and incarceration—especially for our Black 
and brown neighbors who suﬀ  er from the paradox of over-policing and under-policing.
Let’s deepen our investments in care and shared prosperity. We all 
deserve to feel safe in our neighborhoods. As a mom with 2 kids in Seattle Public Schools, it’s important to me that all our children are safe whether they’re walking to school or enjoying the park. We’ve only begun that work by investing in the resources District 2 needs to improve our community health, joy, and safety.
Thank you for getting me here; I hope to continue serving D2’s vibrant 
communities.
Proudly endorsed by MLK Labor, 37th LD Dems, Progreso Latino, 
Working Families Party, Rep. Jayapal, Sen. Saldaña, and dozens of others.
 Tammy J. Morales 
 (206) 588-6262 
 info@votefortammy.com  votefortammy.com 