Education: Bsc Microbiology Igbinedion University Nigeria
Occupation: HIV Clinical Program Manager HealthPoint CHC
Statement: I am a pragmatic uniter who believes in standing up 
for what’s right, with empathy and accountability. I believe in building together through community-centric relationships; my lived experiences continue to inform me on how this translates into 
meaningful policy. As one formerly unhoused and who lives and works 
alongside those who face the same struggles - especially when it comes to housing aﬀ  ordability, availability, and accessibility. I will use this oﬃ   ce to fund the mandate for social housing by Seattle voters.
As a Black man from a Nigerian immigrant background,  community 
safety means that we all must feel safe, including that we must ﬁ  nd alternatives to policing that are evidence-based and rooted in community responsibility and resilience. We cannot keep doing the same old things and hoping for diﬀ  erent outcomes; this is not only ﬁ  scally irresponsible, it is morally harmful. Seattle can and must do better.
I am HIV-positive, and I have been ﬁ  ghting for digniﬁ  ed healthcare 
and health equity as a professional and an activist.. I am an LGBTQ+ individual who is active in LGBTQ+ rights, especially for BIPOC individuals. As such I am a lifelong advocate for the safety and sense of belonging that we all inherently deserve.
I rely on public transit and walking; I know how important it is to 
expand safe and accessible multimodal transportation and build safe walkways and bike lanes.
I march, and I also walk the walk. I am the chair of the Washington 
State Stonewall Democrats, co-chair of the Seattle LGBTQ Commission, and Board Member for People Of Color Against AIDS Network (POCAAN) and Seattle LGBTQ+ Center. I hope to earn your vote to serve you as District 3’s next City Councilmember. 
Endorsed by Fmr. King County Councilmember Larry Gossett, 
Washington Stonewall Democrats, UW Democrats, Seattle U Democrats, , and more.
 
 Andrew Ashiofu 
 (206) 468-8559 
 info@andrewforseattle.com  www.andrewforseattle.com/ 