Education: BSE Princeton; MS Engineering Texas; SM Management, 
SM Policy MIT; PhD Risk Assessment Union Institute
Occupation: Risk assessment consultant, aviation safety engineer, 
business ownerStatement: I’ve spent my 30-year career designing safety systems 
as an aerospace engineer, and using data to improve aviation policies and consumer conﬁ  dence. I’m running for Port of Seattle Commissioner because I want to use these skills to take the Port into the future: serving the traveling public with safety and transparency; protecting and creating jobs in marine trade and transport, and addressing the climate crisis through data and innovation. 
Breaking barriers and leading by example is a hallmark of my 
service—as an Air Force ﬂ  ight test engineer, opening doors as a Boeing engineer and union member, and working nationally to educate the public and policymakers on airline safety. I want to continue this work to bring more diversity and ideas into the Port—and its partners—through internships and apprenticeships, pipelines through our high schools and colleges to engage the workforce of tomorrow.   
Sea-Tac Airport is reaching capacity and no new airport will be built 
anytime soon– protecting rural lands, but forcing the Port to manage increasing ﬂ  ights, crowds, and security issues at our existing facility. My experience will be critical in addressing these challenges.
The Port must be a better neighbor to the communities it serves, 
and steward of our environment—meeting carbon reduction goals, 
accelerating adoption of clean fuels and renewable energy, and better 
integrating with the regional transportation network to move freight, people, and commerce.
I grew up with a father who fought in a segregated WWII Marine 
unit, and a Honduran mother who spoke Spanish in our home. As Port Commissioner I  will respect the values of fairness, equity, and opportunity that united our home—and our region. I’ll treat workers and communities with respect, and ensure the Port is a leader in our dynamic economy and global ambitions. I’d appreciate your vote.  
 
 Todd Curtis 
 (206) 635-8302 
 CurtisForPort@gmail.com  Curtis4Port.com