Education: MBA, University of Washington, Bachelors in Arts, 
Middlebury College
Occupation: Product, Google Cloud; previously Director, Washington 
Low Income Housing AllianceStatement: Seattle is a progressive, educated, and innovative city, but 
our Public Schools are failing too many kids, teachers, and families. There is a real but quiet crisis in our schools: pandemic disruptions, declining enrollment, budget instability, and widening gaps in equity and outcomes. I am running for School Board because I believe that we can meet this challenge and build great schools for all families.
I’ve called Seattle home for 20 years. I’ve fought for housing 
aﬀ  ordability as the Executive Director of the Washington Low Income Housing Alliance. I’ve worked at leading technology companies. I’ve been a proud SPS parent– volunteering for school plays, chess club, and fundraising events. Our kids have had dedicated, talented, and committed teachers. 
We need systemic change to address urgent needs . After a student 
died from gun violence at Ingraham High School there was little to 
no response. The Board and District intend to close neighborhood schools and have ended vital enrichment programs. Students furthest from educational justice are, using the District’s own measures, worse oﬀ   than they were in 2019. The constant budget panic is a result of a fundamentally unsound ﬁ  nancial footing with no plans to make real changes. As a result, many parents who can are leaving for private schools.
We deserve a School Board that takes gun violence seriously. We 
deserve a Board that ﬁ  ghts to keep neighborhood schools open and oﬀ  er programs that draw students in. We deserve a Board that does more than talk about improving the education of the kids most in need of our help, but insists on results. I don’t have all the answers, 
but I believe that bringing in new voices is the ﬁ  rst step to getting back 
on the right track. 
I would appreciate your vote. My views are my own, not my employer’s.
 Ben Gitenstein 
 (206) 294-5987 
 Ben@wedeservebetterschools.org  www.wedeservebetterschools.org 