Education: CWU Bachelor of Arts in Elementary Education and Early 
Childhood Development
Occupation: Seattle Public Schools Substitute Teacher, 37th 
Democrats 1st Vice ChairStatement: Our city is at a turning point. We haven’t had leadership 
that listens. We aren’t able to trust that our elected oﬃ   cials will do a good job. We’ve been hindered by political games, inﬂ  exibility, indecisiveness, and special interest money. We can’t aﬀ  ord more of the same.
I decided to run the day my son was born. I need him to grow up 
in a place where leaders behave like leaders and respond to their neighbors when they are called upon. In my role as a husband, father, business owner, care provider, activist, and substitute teacher I’ve 
learned that the most important piece of our lives is how we can be of 
service to our community.
I would like to serve because we need one million square feet of 
“home” for our homeless neighbors within the next three years. Allowing for temporary sanctioned encampments for those unready to come inside, ending the practice of sweeps, and adding wrap-
around services will allow people build self-suﬃ   cient lives of meaning. 
Additionally, we’re going to reinstate the free ride zone so that Seattle becomes a leader on public transit opportunities for people nationwide.
Immediately, we need to leave the war on drugs behind and invest in 
education, support services, and job training. I will work to create a jobs pipeline into new public safety models for formerly incarcerated persons so that those with lived experience can be the next case workers, crisis responders, and more.
My campaign is being run exactly how I’ll run my oﬃ   ce; with hard 
work, direct conversations, and building solutions. I’m the only 
candidate funding their campaign entirely using Democracy Vouchers, 
because money and politics don’t mix.
Endorsements: Former City Councilmember Nick Licata, Former US 
Attorney John McKay, Earl’s Cuts & Styles, Catﬁ  sh Corner, A for Apple Learning Center, and more!
 Alex Cooley     
 info@CooleyForCouncil.com 
 www.CooleyForCouncil.com