Education: BA in Political Science, Minors in Sociology and Economics, 
Western Washington University - 2007
Occupation: Executive Director, Transportation Choices Coalition, First 
Hill Neighborhood Association (former)Statement: I’m a progressive urbanist with a proven record of ﬁ  nding 
common ground, solving problems, and delivering results. Alongside community, I’ve created lasting, positive changes in housing and transit, reforming enforcement and improving neighborhoods.
For ﬁ  ve years, I led First Hill’s neighborhood association, where we 
welcomed aﬀ  ordable housing, built safer transportation, better parks, 
and increased livability. Until recently, I was the Executive Director of 
Transportation Choices Coalition, where I built coalitions that secured transformative transportation investments, expanded light rail and bus service, and made transit free for youth.
Our district has beautiful, vibrant places. We lead with compassion. 
But things are oﬀ   track, and too many of us fall through the cracks. We must urgently address complicated problems like homelessness, public safety, and aﬀ  ordability.
With fresh ideas, courage, and a commitment to action, we can build 
more housing, care for our vulnerable neighbors, and keep everyone safe. We can be a great city. I understand District 3’s challenges - and how to make progress. On my website, I’ve released extensive policy agendas and am bringing bold solutions to the table. 
I’m a First Hill renter, public school parent, and cancer survivor. I’m 
a ﬁ  rst-generation college graduate who worked my way through WWU. I was named one of “Seattle’s Most Inﬂ  uential People” in 2015 by Seattle Magazine. I serve on the board of a major non-proﬁ  t aﬀ  ordable housing provider and the Freeway Park Association. I’m proud to be endorsed by labor unions, progressive organizations, and community leaders.
We deserve a representative committed to listening, problem-solving, 
and making our lives better. My years of experience shows I can hit the ground running and get Seattle on track to reach our full potential together. It’d be an honor to serve our district, and I’m asking for your vote.
 Alex Hudson 
   info@alexforseattle.com 
 alexforseattle.com