Education: Bachelors in Philosophy, UNLV; Juris Doctorate, Seattle 
University School of Law (magna cum laude)
Occupation: Public Defender, Pierce County Department of Assigned 
CounselStatement: I want to live in a Seattle where the government is 
accountable to the community, especially when it comes to keeping 
the community accountable.  Over the last few years, particularly since 
the CHOP, I have been frustrated by our city government’s abdication of their responsibilities.  Seattle has been increasingly covered in 
graﬃ   ti and inundated by property crime while a toxic compassion has 
taught us to walk past and otherwise ignore our neighbors’ suﬀ  ering as they kill themselves with fentanyl and other drugs.   We can do 
better.
For the last 12 years I’ve worked as a public defender, representing 
some of the poorest and most marginalized among us. Many of my clients were chronically homeless, suﬀ  ering from substance use disorders as well as co-occurring mental illnesses. I know it’s possible to treat people with respect while still expecting responsibility.
My experience with mental illness isn’t just professional, but also 
personal.  In 2015, I was confronted with a diﬃ   cult diagnosis at 30 years old.  It shattered my identity, and the stigma inspired suicidal thoughts. Fortunately, I found a supportive community and the right combination of medications, and I’ve been stable now for six years.  I’m sharing this for two reasons: to confront the stigma, but also, because I recognize we need to be accountable for our own mental health. 
If elected I will work to reconcile the trust gap between the community and SPD.  We need more oﬃ   cers out of cars and patrolling streets on 
foot and by bike. I will provide housing subsidies to both help attract new oﬃ   cers and make sure more of our oﬃ   cers are patrolling the streets of the communities they live in . We will prioritize community 
safety, not just oﬃ   cer safety.
I promise to stay accountable and accessible, and to prioritize ideas 
that are practical and actionable.
 Bobby Goodwin 
 (803) 868-3443 
 campaign@goodwinforseattle.com  goodwinforseattle.com 
