Education: WSA Parent Ambassadors
Occupation: Shelter Counselor at New Horizons Ministries
Statement: My name is Rosie she/her/they/them/their pronouns.
Thank you for this opportunity. I work at New Horizons Ministries with homeless young adults and a few grassroots organizations. I am running because I feel like low income familes which make up a signiﬁ  cant majority of the population of Seattle aren’t being heard nor truly represented. Also I am tired of the dumpster ﬁ  re we call the education system. We are failing the children and disproportionally kids that are part of the BIPOC communities. Not to mention low income families and the kids that qualify for special education and those furthest from educational justice. I am considered ‘low-income’ born and raised. Sitting below the poverty line. I am a Native, a proud Cherokee and Nez Perce . A member and family in the  LGBTQIA 2 spirit community. I am neurodiverse as is my youngest. Which has received or are receiving special education services. As low-income my family depends on free meals at school, Apple Health, and Food Stamps. No one knows or understands the struggles of poverty like someone who’s lived it or is living it. I feel that anywhere decisions are being made everyone should be present and have a say. My lived experience tells me that now is the best time to run for the school board position. I have the knowledge and skills bestowed upon me by amazing programs like Policy Council with the PSESD, The Agents of Change Cohort, and most importantly Washington State Association 
of head start and early head start Parent Ambassadors program. They 
have provided me with the tools I need to work with my communities and advocate for them. I hope you will allow me to do that. 
 Rosie McCarter 
 (206) 383-9339 
 roselynnemccarter@yahoo.com  voterosie.org 
 


Seattle School District No. 1
Director District No. 6
Education: University of Washington: Bachelor’s Degree, Biology; Juris 
Doctor; Master’s Degree, Tax Law
Occupation: Lawyer and West Seattle mom; former Counsel, MLK 
County ExecutiveStatement: Growing up in Washington, I experienced ﬁ  rsthand the 
struggles of our underfunded schools. Still, my life was transformed by the teachers and counselors who went above and beyond to support me. Now, as I prepare to send my daughter into the same underfunded system, like many other parents, I’m worried.
Seattle Public Schools faces a staggering $131 million budget shortfall 
for the 2023-2024 school year. The board is discussing cutting buses and music programs, laying oﬀ   teachers, and even closing schools. It’s clear we need experienced leaders prepared to tackle these issues head-on with innovative solutions and an unwavering commitment to our kids.
I am well equipped to help bring stability and transformation to our 
schools, restoring parental and community conﬁ  dence. As chief legal counsel and policy advisor to the King County Executive, I managed complex policy and budget challenges - working to prioritize equity, accountability, and delivery of services.
With your vote, my top priorities will be: 1)  Ensuring equity
 in education 
for all students, regardless of their background, so that every child 
has the opportunity to succeed; 2) Cultivating safe, inclusive, and welcoming environments , where every student feels valued and 
respected; 3) Empowering educators  through comprehensive support 
and fostering their professional growth, recognizing their critical role in shaping our children’s future; 4) Engaging parents and communities 
to create a collaborative educational system that restores conﬁ  dence in the governance of our district, and reﬂ  ects the diverse needs and perspectives of our city.
Together, I believe we can create a Seattle Public Schools system 
where parents and students look forward to the start of each school day.
I am grateful to have early endorsements from local leaders including 
Executive Dow Constantine, State Representatives Emily Alvarado and Joe Fitzgibbon, and Seattle School Board Director Leslie Harris.
 Gina Topp 
 (253) 691-0135 
 gina@ginatopp.com  www.ginatopp.com 



Education: Bachelor of Agricultural Science Washington State 
University, Early Childhood Development, South Seattle Community 
College
Occupation: Advocate for Women in Recovery for 35 years
Statement: Statement:  40-year West Seattle resident, 3 grandchildren 
in Seattle Public Schools (SPS), 1 with special needs.Restoring conﬁ  dence in our schools that have lost the support of 
families and communities they serve is key. Parents, students, and teachers need to be better informed and consulted about education demands and budget priorities. SPS’s decision making process lacks 
transparency. Elect me to the School Board and I will work tirelessly to 
change that. 
Seattle Public Schools faces declining enrollments, budget 
deﬁ  cits, elimination of resources and programs, possible closures, consolidation, teacher and staﬀ   layoﬀ  s according to an article published by the Seattle Times in April of 2023.  SPS is facing an 
estimated $131 million deﬁ  cit for 2023-24 and $92 million for 2024-25 
yet they are still planning to construct large, one-size-ﬁ  ts-all buildings to replace aging schools.
I live by Alki Elemetary which is proposed for a giant expansion despite 
city declining enrollment. This will harmfully close other schools. I will vote to halt and dial back this project. There are similar harmful projects at Montlake and Rogers Elementaries.
The new schools provide no parking for staﬀ   or parents. ADA parking 
is insuﬃ   cient.The Alki school rebuild and remodel is an example of this. I will work tirelessly to  make sure projects are scaled back if they 
can’t be paid for or don’t have full community support.  If you can’t get 
your chilld to the school, they can’t be educated.
Endorsed by Vicki Schmitz, whose family donated the land for Schmitz 
Park Elementary, Mia Jacobson, canidate for City Counsel District 1, Jennifer Reyes, Commercial Real Estate Profesional.
 Maryanne Wood 
 (206) 910-3337 
 lucilhasa1@yahoo.com