Education: BA International Aﬀ  airs, University of Georgia, 
AA Pol-Science, Gainesville College, WA State Elections Administrator 
Certiﬁ  cate
Occupation: Outreach Specialist, Washington Oﬃ   ce of the Secretary 
of StateStatement: Lucy leads a successful statewide Voter Education and 
Outreach program focused in underserved communities. Her lived experiences include: small business owner, property owner, and landlord. Her true passion is public service.
Education : Seattle must continue to invest in the education of our 
children. The future of our nation lies in the education they receive 
today. She will prioritize civics education. Also, mental health therapy should be normalized to remove ableism and stigma.
Aﬀ  ordable housing : Census reports indicate Seattle’s population is 
still growing. Seattle continues to face this crisis and Lucy is ready 
to engage with stakeholders to strategically seek and use allocated resources and streamline city services. 
Homelessness : Seattle is getting federal funding and Lucy is ready to 
support viable programs to address root causes for homelessness in 
our diverse communities. Seattle must spend responsibly and invest in self-sustainable programs. She is ready to partner-up to build an eﬀ  ective  revitalization downtown program for Pioneer Square and 
beyond.
Transportation : Lucy supports development without displacement
, longer 
tunnels please! Elevated concrete bridges continue to fail: WS bridge, 
99 Alaskan Way viaduct (1950-2013), and recently NB-HWY 99. She wants to avoid another “ Seattle Monorail Failure”! Sound Transit came 
to a halt with the main corridor. Stakeholders in CID, Ballard, and WS have not bought-in, but ST is pushing hard to start building the WS extension.
The ST measure passed in 2016 with 57% in King and 51% in 
Snohomish, but failed in Pierce County. The property taxes and car tab 
increases hurt our most vulnerable communities. Stop displacements 
and save green spaces! It’s time to place this measure back on the 2024 
ballot. Voters must decide to keep this going for 13+ years or seek a leaner project. Visit her website for more information. Please vote for Lucy as your councilwoman, District 1!
 Lucy Barefoot 
 (206) 809-0320 
 electlucy.seattlecitycouncil1@gmail.com