Education: University of Kentucky - Information Science
Occupation: Co-Chair of the Green Party of the United States
Statement: My name is Margaret Elisabeth and I’m running for Seattle 
City Council in District 2.
I ﬁ  rst visited Seattle during June of 1999 and fell in love with the city. 
I vividly remember sitting in a coﬀ  ee shop in Kirkland looking South towards Mt. Rainier – the sky an impossible blue where you can see for miles and Mt. Rainier took my breath away. I moved to Seattle in 2012, into the Belltown neighborhood, where I lived for 5 years. In 2017 I moved to Rainier Beach where I’ve lived ever since. 
We have a lot of serious issues facing us as citizens of Seattle and I’d 
like to mention three things we need to directly address: Universal 
Citywide Single Payer Healthcare, The Right to Shelter and a Real Living Wage.
Healthcare is a right and we need to enact legislation to make this 
right a reality. Following the models of Healthy San Francisco and NYC Health+Hospitals, the City of Seattle should establish a universal healthcare access program to ensure all residents receive free, at point of service, healthcare without relying on employer-sponsored plans or private insurance.
The City of Seattle should establish rent control and renter’s rights, 
end exclusive single-family zoning, ban new AirBNB developments, establish high-density, mixed incoming housing near transit centers, and the City should expand cooperative housing, expand social housing and make it easier to enter and sustain home-ownership for Seattle residents.
The City of Seattle should adopt a $25/hr true living wage which is 
automatically adjusted based on the cost of healthcare, housing, food, transportation and inﬂ  ation. I’m running for Seattle City Council in District 2 because I believe we can change our city if we take bold action now. Vote for me in District 2 for an Evergreen future.
 Margaret Elisabeth 
 (540) 227-6168 
 MargaretforSeattle@gmail.com  www.MargaretForSeattle.com 