Education: Western Washington University, Political Change through 
Feminist and Ethnic Studies; Seattle University, Teaching Certiﬁ  cate
Occupation: Educator (early learning), Advocacy Consultant, 
Washington Communities for Children
Statement: Representation matters. Our public schools have been 
critical at bringing opportunity and learning to generations of Seattle’s children but we have much more work to do to increase academic achievement, ensure every student has a healthy and inclusive learning environment and the school district is managed with transparency and accountability.  I’ve lived in Seattle for 27 years and over the past 15 years, I served on the Best Start for Kids Advisory Board, as Executive Director of an LGBTQ+ nonproﬁ  t, as an Interim Policy Director for NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness) Washington, and as Mobilization contractor for Children’s Alliance. I was a community organizer for Hotel and Restaurant Employees Local 8 and currently serve as the co-chair of the Policy and Advocacy Committee for the 46th District Democrats.  As Olympic Hills PTA Advocacy Chair, I have a ﬁ  rsthand understanding of the challenges and opportunities in our schools.
I’m running to be a strong LGBTQ+ voice on the school board and 
ensure children of all identities feel a sense of belonging in their schools. The inequities in academic achievement still need urgent attention and focus to make the Seattle School District the exemplary learning environment we all want it to be. My vision in becoming a School Board Director is:
Ensuring every student feels a sense of belonging in their school. That 
no matter what your identity is, students can thrive and feel safe while 
gaining a high-quality education; Implementing a robust community 
engagement process especially when big district decisions need to be made that center the communities farthest from educational opportunities; Bringing more transparency back in the budget and policy development process.
I’m excited to take my experience in education, community organizing, 
and labor to get pragmatic results for all students. I’d be honored to earn your vote.
 
 Debbie Carlsen 
 (206) 455-1154 
 info@debbie4seattleschools.org  Debbie4SeattleSchools.org 