Education: MFA in Documentary Film and Video, Stanford University; 
BA in Literature, Duke University
Occupation: documentary ﬁ  lmmaker
Statement: At its best, education opens doors and unlocks potential. 
Yet in a city of abundant resources, we face persistent opportunity gaps that are among the worst in our nation. As the parent of three SPS students, one of my core beliefs is that we advocate most eﬀ  ectively for our own children when we advocate for all children. We 
must align our district to focus on student outcomes, such that every 
child in this city receives the education they deserve.
From running a summer program for children of East African refugees to teaching at the college level, I have spent time in the classroom and 
understand the unique challenges our educators face. From a parent 
perspective, my eﬀ  orts to secure the support necessary for my child to thrive at school have been met with frustrating roadblocks. As a board member, I will hold myself accountable for advocating for policies that 
support and empower our educators to help our kids reach their full potential.
Children are facing an unprecedented mental health crisis. Our 
schools are facing a budget crisis. And data show that too many students in our district are profoundly underserved. Addressing these issues requires big picture thinking and a systems approach to enacting meaningful change. 
Having served on PTAs and the Magnuson Park Advisory Committee, 
I understand that systemic change doesn’t happen overnight. I also understand that successful movements are grounded in relationship 
building, which is why I will advocate for inclusive engagement policies 
and proactive, transparent communication.
I chose a career in ﬁ  lmmaking because I believe stories shape how 
we see and understand the world. They have the power to transform. Together, let’s create a new story about education in Seattle.
Endorsed by: Current School Board President Brandon Hersey, Board 
Director Chandra Hampson and former Board Director Jill Geary.
 
 Evan Briggs 
 (206) 229-7760 
 info@electevanbriggs.com  www.electevanbriggs.com 