Education: University of Virginia Law School (JD 1991); University of 
Virginia (BS Commerce 1983)
Occupation: Attorney, Shea Wilson, LLC
Statement: We’ve had enough performance art politics.  We need 
Change.  I ask for your vote to govern responsibly.  This campaign is about three hard issues:
Homelessness
 is now oﬃ   cially a long-term problem—at least ﬁ  ve years 
to address, according to the King County Regional Homelessness 
Authority.  Translation: encampments for ﬁ  ve more years at least.  Compassion is important.  But we need to identify who needs what kind of help by implementing three levels of designated urban 
campgrounds: sober; intermediate (cannabis/alcohol); and permissive 
(hard drugs Ok within the fenced and privacy-screened area). 
Public Safety is job one.  Our downtown, neighborhoods and parks cannot be no-go zones.  Seattle has fewer than 1000 police oﬃ   cers 
for about three-quarters of a million people, down from 1300 in 2017.  
We clearly need to add more commissioned oﬃ   cers and unarmed 
community service oﬃ   cers.  Enforce newly enacted laws against open 
hard drug use on our streets.
Social Justice  covers much ground, some beyond city-level government.  
We can address police-community relations.  Defunding the police is 
not the answer.  We must invest in best practices to ensure civilian safety.
And one ignored issue: Public Infrastructure .  Our bridges, water and 
sewer mains are aging.  The state legislature has now mandated 
6-plexes, which could triple or quadruple our population.  And we’ll have to foot the bill for the new infrastructure.
When you voted in 2019, were you voting to defund the police?  
Probably not.  New issues will emerge over the next four years.  I’ll 
take a socially liberal and ﬁ  scally conservative approach toward them.  
Leave people alone unless we need laws to keep their conduct from interfering with others.  Spend tax dollars amply but wisely.  Ability to pay matters.  Don’t overburden any one segment of the tax base.
 Shea Wilson     
 info@votesheawilson.com 
 www.votesheawilson.com 