Education: Ballard High School graduate, 2 years at UW
Occupation: 22 years management in family manufacturing business 
in Ballard
Statement: I intend to be a positive inﬂ  uence in District 6 and the 
entire City of Seattle.  I am a second-generation Seattle native.  My grandparents came here for the natural beauty and economic opportunity found in abundance in Seattle.
Elect me to be a moderate voice on our City Council.  My vision 
is to restore our city’s beauty and opportunity so my son and his generation can prosper and aﬀ  ord home ownership.  I am working to keep Seattle a safe and friendly place to raise a family.  I organized 
the successful cleanup of the Greenwood neighborhood as part of the 
One Seattle Day of Service.
I stepped up to a strong role in the community in April 2020 when 
the pandemic lockdown was extended.  Small businesses suﬀ  ered and individuals were denied necessary medical care.  I became increasingly concerned about the disregard for civil rights imposed by public health measures like the mask mandate and mandatory vaccination in workplaces and universities.  I became an advocate for 
medical freedom and helped dozens of workers ﬁ  nd accommodations 
to keep their jobs.  I was appalled to see so many good employees with legitimate medical and religious exemptions terminated unjustly.
It is largely due to my public presence and persistence that the COVID 
mandates ended in Washington state. Help me bring this boldness to our City Council to do what’s right.  Before we spend any more money on the homeless situation, we need accountability for money spent.  We must support the needs of business owners, homeowners, renters, and workers—Not add more to their tax burden.  We need to address our infrastructure—I would support the in-kind replacement of the Magnolia Bridge.  We need to restore public safety and police service so our businesses and families are safe.  Let’s Save Seattle together. Vote Victoria Palmer for District 6.
 Victoria Palmer 
 (206) 255-9970 
 VictoriaForSeattle@gmail.com  VictoriaForSeattle.com 