Seattle School District No. 1
/circle_arrow_right Director District No. 1
Education: Applied science degree in electronic engineering
Occupation: Technical consultant to the software industry
Statement: I have a long career in quality control, project 
management and auditing of ﬁ  nancial data systems. I will bring a high level of process scrutiny and logical problem solving to help in the school board’s decision making process.  I will use these skills in 
working with other board members and district staﬀ   to root out waste 
or ineﬃ   ciencies that exist in our school district management. 
This is my third campaign running for the Seattle school board and we all know it’s diﬃ   cult to get elected in Seattle unless you are seen as an 
activist. I’m not an activist just a Seattle Public Schools graduate and father of 3 Seattle Public School’s students who wants to see some 
stability , logic and ﬁ  scal responsibility return to Seattle Public Schools management. I believe my experience can help this district by pushing 
the narrative around school safety, the budget shortfall, capacity planning and outsourcing departments but it won’t be just talk!
I’m pledging at a minimum to have open and honest bi-weekly 
community meetings and an open door policy for anyone who needs help.
Please vote for me.Michael Christophersen   
 Michael Christophersen      
 christophersen4schools@gmail.com 
 safeseattleschools.blogspot.com/ 



Education: Bachelor of Arts in Theater, Whitman College; Masters of 
Fine Arts Theater Design Brandeis University
Occupation: School Board Director; Adjunct Lecturer, Mom, 
Community Organizer, Nonproﬁ  t LeaderStatement: As your current School Board Vice President and a 
longtime PTSA leader, I’ve worked over a decade alongside families, educators, and communities across Seattle. I know the incredible 
successes of our schools, and the systemic and institutional challenges 
we face. I’m running to continue working to improve experiences and outcomes for our students, guided by community vision and values.
Over three challenging years, I have demonstrated a deep 
understanding of the issues and complexities facing our schools. 
Throughout the ever-changing pandemic landscape, I worked to make 
positive changes centered on student well-being, from volunteering at COVID test sites and in schools, to championing gun violence prevention and legislation, and leading on inclusive education policy changes in Instructional Philosophy and Special Education.
As the Board’s Legislative Liaison I helped secure additional state 
resources for special education, access to career and technical education, and behavioral health support for students recovering from pandemic disruption and trauma. I led eﬀ  orts to ban isolation and limit restraint in SPS – practices that disproportionately impact students of color and with disabilities. Our policy is a state model for preventative and restorative practices that address high needs and 
cultivate safe, culturally responsive learning environments that beneﬁ  t 
all children.
Together, we can meet the needs of our diverse learners and make 
our public schools the top choice for education for Seattle’s families. I’m committed to navigating budget and enrollment challenges with transparency, clarity, and community partnership– to maximize student beneﬁ  t while operating within our means. I will continue putting my skills and experience to work to rebuild not only trust and 
conﬁ  dence, but joy and excitement throughout our education system. 
I ask for your vote.
Endorsements: Legislators Javier Valdez, Gerry Pollet, Darya Farivar; 
County Councilmember Girmay Zahilay; School Board President Brandon Hersey, National Women’s Political Caucus, more!
 Liza Rankin 
 (503) 395-5253 
 info@elizasrankin.com  www.elizasrankin.com
 
 
 
 Seattle School District No. 1
Director District No. 1
Education: Western Washington University, Political Change through 
Feminist and Ethnic Studies; Seattle University, Teaching Certiﬁ  cate
Occupation: Educator (early learning), Advocacy Consultant, 
Washington Communities for Children
Statement: Representation matters. Our public schools have been 
critical at bringing opportunity and learning to generations of Seattle’s children but we have much more work to do to increase academic achievement, ensure every student has a healthy and inclusive learning environment and the school district is managed with transparency and accountability.  I’ve lived in Seattle for 27 years and over the past 15 years, I served on the Best Start for Kids Advisory Board, as Executive Director of an LGBTQ+ nonproﬁ  t, as an Interim Policy Director for NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness) Washington, and as Mobilization contractor for Children’s Alliance. I was a community organizer for Hotel and Restaurant Employees Local 8 and currently serve as the co-chair of the Policy and Advocacy Committee for the 46th District Democrats.  As Olympic Hills PTA Advocacy Chair, I have a ﬁ  rsthand understanding of the challenges and opportunities in our schools.
I’m running to be a strong LGBTQ+ voice on the school board and 
ensure children of all identities feel a sense of belonging in their schools. The inequities in academic achievement still need urgent attention and focus to make the Seattle School District the exemplary learning environment we all want it to be. My vision in becoming a School Board Director is:
Ensuring every student feels a sense of belonging in their school. That 
no matter what your identity is, students can thrive and feel safe while 
gaining a high-quality education; Implementing a robust community 
engagement process especially when big district decisions need to be made that center the communities farthest from educational opportunities; Bringing more transparency back in the budget and policy development process.
I’m excited to take my experience in education, community organizing, 
and labor to get pragmatic results for all students. I’d be honored to earn your vote.
 
 Debbie Carlsen 
 (206) 455-1154 
 info@debbie4seattleschools.org  Debbie4SeattleSchools.org 



Education: SPS, some college and life experiences that done need a 
degree or certiﬁ  cate.
Occupation: I am a full time grocery/retail worker and parent/
volunteerStatement: I am enrolled member of the Assiniboine Sioux from 
Fort Peck MT. I was born here in Seattle WA, and have graduated from Seattle Public Schools.  Having lived here my whole life I have and am still raising my six children, ﬁ  ve of whom attend/attended Seattle Public Schools. Having my older children attending SPS, I have 
volunteered in numerous schools and have seen many challenges that 
our underserved and marginalized populations go through.
In the past I have worked with a nonproﬁ  t organization and some 
alumni to help make a site a city landmark in Seattle. The Wilson 
Paciﬁ  c site located in North Seattle, just north of greenlake was slated 
for demolition to build two “Mega” schools. This decision was voted on and approved and had a high impact from the HCC parents and 
supporters. Leaving community members and organization, little to no 
voice and displacing them. Now, the district is making the same move across the district.  I ask again, how is this cost eﬀ  ective and helping the 
needs of our students if SPS will dismantle their schools and community?
Volunteering in our schools, I have seen the day to day our teachers 
face. As we look forward, we are looking at the changes that would be made to SPS under enrolled schools and those communities.  There are so many other ways we can look at the budget and help our students have tools they need to succeed.  We are a small school, and I hope to make some change and give our school the same opportunity to continue to educate our future leaders.
I do have, questions and concerns, I will learn and I will adapt, I 
hope to help all our students across the district and our families and community in D1.
 Blaine Parce 
 (206) 861-5661 
 blainemparce@outlook.com 