Education: Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre, Central Washington 
University; Master’s Degree, International Relations, American 
University
Occupation: Customer Success Partner, TheGuarantors; Artist & 
Producer with RYCO TheatricalsStatement: I am running to be the ﬁ  rst non-binary Councilmember 
on the Seattle City Council to represent our historic Arts District, the diverse LGBTQ+ community, and all constituents in District 3. Our campaign is building momentum to keep Seattle as progressive as we can with a focus on shelter, safety, and sustainability .
Together, we will establish a universal “right-to-shelter,” pass robust renter protections and rent control, work to reform our strained 
policing system (in partnership with the BIPOC community) in building 
speciﬁ  c alternatives to those more traditional response models, and create America’s ﬁ  rst carbon free city by 2030. I believe that we get more done for the city and its residents when we put aside divisive rhetoric and work together toward a common goal. Inspired by the 
work of Senator Sanders, I identify as a pragmatic Democratic Socialist 
and believe that I’m the most progressive candidate running for this seat. Furthermore, as a lifetime Sierra Club member and activist with Extinction Rebellion, Seattle will never see a stronger advocate for protecting our environment and battling the impacts of climate change. 
As a third-generation union worker and member of two locals, I am 
deeply committed to go beyond business-as-usual and ﬁ  ght as a warrior for the labor movement and the working people of Seattle. We can do more to lift up wages and worker protections while also 
focusing on economic recovery. These are the values I will bring to the 
Council when elected. 
Our campaign is proudly endorsed by the King County Young 
Democrats, the Seattle Green Party, and the Green Party of Washington. I’m honored that our race has the backing of these groups and so many others. It would be a great privilege to earn your vote and support throughout our people-oriented campaign to create actionable change in our community. 
 Ry Armstrong 
 (206) 657-6287 
 hello@vote4ry.com  www.vote4ry.com