Education: BA Government/Political Science NMSU & JD Seattle 
University School of Law
Occupation: Attorney
Statement: With at least four new faces coming to Seattle City Council 
we have a unique opportunity to enact real, lasting solutions to the 
housing aﬀ  ordability, homelessness, and climate crises. I am uniquely 
qualiﬁ  ed to serve during this critical time in our city’s history. I was born during the height of Reaganomics and my family struggled 
ﬁ  nancially throughout my childhood. I would not be here today without sacriﬁ  ce, community, and the occasional second chance. My early struggles are why I’m drawn to serve in the public sector, previously as part of the uniformed services, and currently, as an attorney in Mental Health Court. 
We’re living at an inﬂ  ection point: the culmination of generations 
of deliberate disenfranchisement along racial lines exacerbating divisions in our country, and underinvestment in social services. Our task is not a simple one, we must invest in non-police responses for crisis intervention while also taking an aggressive stance on removing guns from our streets all while prioritizing rehabilitation for low level oﬀ  enders to break the cycle. 
Simultaneously, we Must greatly expand our supply of aﬀ  ordable 
housing; maximize usage of existing inventory; minimize displacement 
of vulnerable communities; and ensure accessible transit for all. To 
this end, I’m committed to leveraging our social housing developer and creating 200K homes over the next ten years–anything less and we’ll only see the aﬀ  ordability crisis worsen. 
For Seattle to be successful, we must acknowledge there’s no going 
back to “how things were before.” We must take action to build a Seattle we can all be proud to pass on to the next generation. We must decarbonize our transportation system, invest in bold capital projects to redeﬁ  ne our city and improve quality of life. I believe we have it within us to realize this vision, and be an example for other cities to follow. 
 
 Efrain Hudnell 
 (206) 593-2203 
 info@electefrain.com  electefrain.com 