Education: Master of Education, University of Washington; Bachelor of 
Arts, University of Arizona
Occupation: Food Access Network, Northwest Harvest; Operations, 
Hollingsworth FarmsStatement: I am a non-proﬁ  t leader, small-business owner, and third-
generation Central District neighbor. I’m also a community connector, problem solver, and optimist. These are the perspectives I’ll bring to City Council where I will work to ensure that our local government is 
serving the needs of our community and neighbors. With your vote, I’ll 
prioritize:
Community safety rooted in upstream solutions that reduce crime, 
prevent gun violence, keep our youth safe, and connect vulnerable people to care – not jail. I will prioritize crisis response teams and non-armed responders for neighbors in crisis, adequate Fire Department, EMT and Police staﬃ   ng to keep communities safe and reduce response times. 
Aﬀ  ordable housing  for all income levels, from students and young 
families to seniors, including the expansion of emergency shelter and 
permanent supportive housing. I’ll promote density, address impacts 
of displacement and gentriﬁ  cation, and provide opportunities for ﬁ  rst-
time homebuyers and family housing options. 
Healthy communities  for current neighbors and future generations with 
thriving local businesses that anchor our neighborhoods and create 
jobs; where aﬀ  ordable childcare and wraparound services, parks, 
playﬁ  elds, libraries, roads, and open space are within reach, and there 
are safe and accessible ways to get around.  
My family of public school educators, public servants, and civil rights 
leaders have made positive change in Seattle for generations. Inspired 
by them, I’ve dedicated my life to public service and driving equitable 
policy at every level. I will be a bridge for our community to city hall 
and the 45 city departments for service. I would appreciate your vote.  
Proudly endorsed: 37th LD Democrats, UFCW 3000, LiUNA, Iron Workers, State Representative Sharon Tomiko Santos, Justice Faith Ireland (ret.), former County Councilmember Larry Gossett, Colleen Echohawk, Dr. Harriet Walden, Andrea Caupain, and 70+ community leaders, small 
business owners, and housing, youth, LGBTQIA+, climate, equity advocates. 
 
 Joy Hollingsworth 
 (206) 698-2680 
 joyforseattle@gmail.com  www.joyforseattle.com