Education: JD, Albany Law School; BA, SUNY Binghamton
Occupation: Attorney, King County Superior Court Judge (ret.), former 
Public Defender
Statement: I’m running for Seattle City Council because District 
5 deserves a proven pragmatic leader with experience in ﬁ  nding solutions and making sound decisions. As a twice elected Superior Court judge, public defender, legal services program manager, chair of the Seattle Human Rights Commission, Washington State Bar Association Governor, and Interim Seattle City Clerk, I understand the privilege and responsibility of making choices that impact people’s lives and livelihoods. 
As a North End neighbor, mom of Ingraham and Nathan Hale 
graduates, and Lake City community volunteer, I want a healthy, thriving, and welcoming community for all.
I will draw upon my three decades of public service to deliver on the 
following priorities:
Public Safety:
 Timely police response and accountability, robust civilian 
responder program, proven gun violence interventions.  Housing: 
Dense and equitable development of the Aurora Corridor, 130th 
St Station area, Northgate, and Lake City. Support for Social Housing development across District 5.  Transit: Enhanced East/West bus 
service, ﬁ  rst mile/last mile transit service, needed sidewalks, bike lanes.  Community needs: Community center for Lake City and Haller Lake, on-demand behavioral health care, on-demand substance use treatment, hunger prevention and abatement programs, before-and-after school programs.  Economic opportunity: Support for local small 
business, particularly immigrant/minority/women owned.  Parks and 
Open Space: More parks and open space with equitable access.
The tasks ahead for our district and our city are formidable. With the 
right leadership – knowledgeable, experienced, courageous – they are achievable. If I have the honor of your vote for City Council, I will be transparent and accessible. I will lead with equitable and community-driven solutions, and most importantly, I will be accountable to you. 
I am proud to be a Moms Demand Action “Gun Sense Candidate”, 
endorsed by 32nd Democrats, Representative Cindy Ryu, Judge Theresa Doyle (ret.) and many small businesses.
 Cathy Moore 
 (206) 483-7417 
 info@cathymoore.net  www.cathymoore.net 