Education: Master of Public Administration, Master of Nonproﬁ  t 
Leadership, Bachelor of Science in Psychology, Seattle University
Occupation: Principal Social Equity Consultant & CEO, Epiphanies of 
Equity, LLCStatement: I am running to promote upstream solutions that deliver 
eﬀ  ective, collective, and sustainable results. I’m determined to help mend our policy systems to be more interconnected. If elected, I will assure that city government centers and ampliﬁ  es the needs and voices of the community. Together, we’ll make sure Seattle works better for All people in our city.
From direct social and housing service work to social equity and policy advocacy consulting, I’ve advocated alongside hundreds of community 
members and helped bring transformative change to over 200 organizations and government agencies throughout my career.
Additionally, I am the former co-chair of the Seattle Disability 
Commission and Renters Commission, a board member of BASE: 
Building Art Space Equitably and UW CREATE, and a member of Transit 
Riders Union and Green Party WA.
To ﬁ  nd sustainable solutions to persistent problems, we must 
start with policies and systems as root causes of inequity. We must enact pragmatic policies for sustainable solutions for accessible and aﬀ  ordable housing, increased wage parity, and improved working conditions for working families; Achieving multiple pathways toward shared goals around community safety; Improved multimodal transportation systems focused on pedestrian safety; Small business support focused on economic recovery and growth; Fixing infrastructure gaps throughout our city; Disability Justice and Intersectional Civic Empowerment.
My policy change background includes co-organizing the passage 
of one of the nation’s ﬁ  rst bans of sub-minimum wage; successfully advocating for the adoption of Disability Justice principles at the Seattle Oﬃ   ce of Civil Rights; co-organizing the ﬁ  ght for rent control, resulting in the six-month advance notice legislation passed by the council; and endorsing the Jumpstart Tax as a small business owner. 
We can ﬁ  nd collective, eﬀ  ective, and sustainable policy solutions that 
get to the heart of the issues facing our district. I humbly ask for your vote.
 ChrisTiana ObeySumner  
 (206) 593-2203 
 info@votechristiana.com  www.votechristiana.com 