Education: Bachelor of Arts, Economics and Spanish, Wellesley College
Occupation: Full time mom, community advocate, and education 
professional
Statement: Like so many of you, I’m tired of the divisiveness that 
has taken root in Seattle politics that has not brought us the policy 
solutions we deserve. As a second-generation Iranian-American whose 
parents were granted political asylum, I know how fragile democracy can be. We need elected leaders who can focus on practical solutions and coalition building to address public safety, our housing crisis, and our transportation needs.
In 2019, my son and I heard a car crash and ran outside. We ran into 
a police oﬃ   cer telling us to run inside, as he went on to confront the Sand Point mass shooter only 20 feet away. I believe the police saved our lives that day. We are all tired of false choices when it comes to public safety. We should be able to keep our neighborhoods safe without blaming our unhoused neighbors as the root of our problems.
After the Parkland shootings, two moms and I organized to fundraise 
for and establish our nation’s largest gun buyback program. We need to continue our progress addressing our gun violence epidemic. 
I want 
to bring that passion, commitment, and proven collaborative working skills to Seattle City Council.
These issues are heightened by our climate crisis with ever hotter 
days and stiﬂ  ing wildﬁ  re smoke. Climate activists have chosen this 
campaign as the top climate platform out of all candidates citywide. In 
my platform, I bring solutions for our housing crisis, a greener transit system that includes sidewalks(!), funding for alternative policing models, and getting our unhoused population into homes.
Endorsed: 46th District Democrats, 32nd District Democrats, King 
County Young Democrats, United Food And Commercial Workers 3000, Moms Demand Action Gun Sense Candidate, County Councilmember Rod Dembowski, Representative Julia Reed, Senator Javier Valdez, and more. I’d be honored to earn your vote.
 Nilu Jenks 
 (206) 530-1114 
 info@neighborsfornilu.org  www.neighborsfornilu.org