Education: Two decades in union and social struggles.
Occupation: Railway switchman
Statement: The Socialist Workers Party stands for independent 
working-class political action. Deteriorating conditions confronting 
working people in Seattle are produced by the bosses as they squeeze 
ever more out of workers and farmers.
After decades of attacks on our wages and working conditions, today 
there is a wind at the backs of workers who sense more opportunities to ﬁ  ght back. More workers and unionists are bringing to bear the class solidarity needed to eﬀ  ectively resist the accelerated speedup, longer hours, attacks on job safety, inﬂ  ation-battered wages, lack of steady work, confronting the social and moral blight produced by world capitalism’s proﬁ  t-driven crises of production and trade.
The heart of U.S. politics today is the ﬁ  ght to defend constitutional 
freedoms won in struggle. Illegal searches and seizures, violations of due process, legislation by courts, government spying, and curbs on freedom of speech, and more, will be used against the working class. Working people need those rights to defend ourselves. Every attack on them must be vigorously opposed, regardless of who the target is today.
Under the governance of the bosses’ parties what we win is soon 
taken away. When we depend on government to safeguard us, unelected bureaucracies, courts, and legislatures reverse our victories.
We need aﬀ  ordable housing, health care, drug rehabilitation and 
mental health care; decent jobs, training, and child care; time oﬀ   
work with our families, and control of safety and working conditions on the job.  We need a labor party based on the unions, to organize working people to stand together in our own class interests. This is not a scheme, but a revolutionary perspective for our class. In 1959 the workers and farmers of Cuba proved that those who are utterly 
discounted by the ruling classes can take power and change the world.
 Rebecca Williamson 
 (206) 323-1755 
 swpseattle@gmail.com  www.themilitant.com 