Education: MSc. Fisheries Biology, University of Washington. B.S. 
Psychology, University of Michigan.
Occupation: Seattle Port Commissioner 2016 – present [Past 
President]; Environmental Consultant.Statement: It has been a great honor to serve King County residents 
the past 7.5 years on the Seattle Port Commission. I’m running for a third term to continue my environmental leadership advancing a just and inclusive transition to a clean energy economy that generates living wage careers. 
My service is guided by a triple bottom line: commerce, community, 
and climate. I’m committed to expanding environmental and economic justice, especially for near-port communities, small and minority owned businesses.  My experience is needed to exercise public policy direction over a growing airport, homeport for cruise 
ships and ﬁ  shing ﬂ  eet, marinas, parks, and marine cargo Alliance with 
the Port of Tacoma.
The Port generates 121,000 jobs which is key to ongoing COVID 
recovery eﬀ  orts.  The airport and seaport have won awards for customer service even while undergoing major construction. Port activities also impact communities and the climate.  That’s why I’m leading initiatives to electrify airport and seaport operations and use of alternative fuels for trucks, ships, and planes.  I’m also committed to ensuring the protection and restoration of parks, bicycle safety and cleanup of the Duwamish River.
During my next term I’ll continue reducing the Port’s carbon 
footprint with unprecedented state and federal funding for clean energy projects; inspire youth to pursue Port-related jobs by promoting innovation, apprenticeships, and internships; and expand 
partnerships with Tribes and the Seattle Aquarium for projects on kelp 
to killer whales and ecotourism.
With your support, I’ll continue to champion Port policies rooted in 
ﬁ  scal responsibility, ecological integrity, and social equity. I respectfully 
ask for your vote.
Endorsed by: Attorney General Ferguson, Lands Commissioner 
Franz, Seattle Mayor Harrell, County Executive Constantine, County Councilmembers Balducci, Dembowski, Kohl-Welles, McDermott, Upthegrove and Zahilay, City Councilmember Mosqueda, Washington Conservation Action, King County Democrats, Labor Unions, and Business Leaders.
 
 Fred Felleman 
   FredforPort@gmail.com 
 FredforPort.com 