Seattle School District No. 1
/circle_arrow_right Director District No. 1
Education: Applied science degree in electronic engineering
Occupation: Technical consultant to the software industry
Statement: I have a long career in quality control, project 
management and auditing of ﬁ  nancial data systems. I will bring a high level of process scrutiny and logical problem solving to help in the school board’s decision making process.  I will use these skills in 
working with other board members and district staﬀ   to root out waste 
or ineﬃ   ciencies that exist in our school district management. 
This is my third campaign running for the Seattle school board and we all know it’s diﬃ   cult to get elected in Seattle unless you are seen as an 
activist. I’m not an activist just a Seattle Public Schools graduate and father of 3 Seattle Public School’s students who wants to see some 
stability , logic and ﬁ  scal responsibility return to Seattle Public Schools management. I believe my experience can help this district by pushing 
the narrative around school safety, the budget shortfall, capacity planning and outsourcing departments but it won’t be just talk!
I’m pledging at a minimum to have open and honest bi-weekly 
community meetings and an open door policy for anyone who needs help.
Please vote for me.Michael Christophersen   
 Michael Christophersen      
 christophersen4schools@gmail.com 
 safeseattleschools.blogspot.com/ 



Education: Bachelor of Arts in Theater, Whitman College; Masters of 
Fine Arts Theater Design Brandeis University
Occupation: School Board Director; Adjunct Lecturer, Mom, 
Community Organizer, Nonproﬁ  t LeaderStatement: As your current School Board Vice President and a 
longtime PTSA leader, I’ve worked over a decade alongside families, educators, and communities across Seattle. I know the incredible 
successes of our schools, and the systemic and institutional challenges 
we face. I’m running to continue working to improve experiences and outcomes for our students, guided by community vision and values.
Over three challenging years, I have demonstrated a deep 
understanding of the issues and complexities facing our schools. 
Throughout the ever-changing pandemic landscape, I worked to make 
positive changes centered on student well-being, from volunteering at COVID test sites and in schools, to championing gun violence prevention and legislation, and leading on inclusive education policy changes in Instructional Philosophy and Special Education.
As the Board’s Legislative Liaison I helped secure additional state 
resources for special education, access to career and technical education, and behavioral health support for students recovering from pandemic disruption and trauma. I led eﬀ  orts to ban isolation and limit restraint in SPS – practices that disproportionately impact students of color and with disabilities. Our policy is a state model for preventative and restorative practices that address high needs and 
cultivate safe, culturally responsive learning environments that beneﬁ  t 
all children.
Together, we can meet the needs of our diverse learners and make 
our public schools the top choice for education for Seattle’s families. I’m committed to navigating budget and enrollment challenges with transparency, clarity, and community partnership– to maximize student beneﬁ  t while operating within our means. I will continue putting my skills and experience to work to rebuild not only trust and 
conﬁ  dence, but joy and excitement throughout our education system. 
I ask for your vote.
Endorsements: Legislators Javier Valdez, Gerry Pollet, Darya Farivar; 
County Councilmember Girmay Zahilay; School Board President Brandon Hersey, National Women’s Political Caucus, more!
 Liza Rankin 
 (503) 395-5253 
 info@elizasrankin.com  www.elizasrankin.com
 
 
 
 Seattle School District No. 1
Director District No. 1
Education: Western Washington University, Political Change through 
Feminist and Ethnic Studies; Seattle University, Teaching Certiﬁ  cate
Occupation: Educator (early learning), Advocacy Consultant, 
Washington Communities for Children
Statement: Representation matters. Our public schools have been 
critical at bringing opportunity and learning to generations of Seattle’s children but we have much more work to do to increase academic achievement, ensure every student has a healthy and inclusive learning environment and the school district is managed with transparency and accountability.  I’ve lived in Seattle for 27 years and over the past 15 years, I served on the Best Start for Kids Advisory Board, as Executive Director of an LGBTQ+ nonproﬁ  t, as an Interim Policy Director for NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness) Washington, and as Mobilization contractor for Children’s Alliance. I was a community organizer for Hotel and Restaurant Employees Local 8 and currently serve as the co-chair of the Policy and Advocacy Committee for the 46th District Democrats.  As Olympic Hills PTA Advocacy Chair, I have a ﬁ  rsthand understanding of the challenges and opportunities in our schools.
I’m running to be a strong LGBTQ+ voice on the school board and 
ensure children of all identities feel a sense of belonging in their schools. The inequities in academic achievement still need urgent attention and focus to make the Seattle School District the exemplary learning environment we all want it to be. My vision in becoming a School Board Director is:
Ensuring every student feels a sense of belonging in their school. That 
no matter what your identity is, students can thrive and feel safe while 
gaining a high-quality education; Implementing a robust community 
engagement process especially when big district decisions need to be made that center the communities farthest from educational opportunities; Bringing more transparency back in the budget and policy development process.
I’m excited to take my experience in education, community organizing, 
and labor to get pragmatic results for all students. I’d be honored to earn your vote.
 
 Debbie Carlsen 
 (206) 455-1154 
 info@debbie4seattleschools.org  Debbie4SeattleSchools.org 



Education: SPS, some college and life experiences that done need a 
degree or certiﬁ  cate.
Occupation: I am a full time grocery/retail worker and parent/
volunteerStatement: I am enrolled member of the Assiniboine Sioux from 
Fort Peck MT. I was born here in Seattle WA, and have graduated from Seattle Public Schools.  Having lived here my whole life I have and am still raising my six children, ﬁ  ve of whom attend/attended Seattle Public Schools. Having my older children attending SPS, I have 
volunteered in numerous schools and have seen many challenges that 
our underserved and marginalized populations go through.
In the past I have worked with a nonproﬁ  t organization and some 
alumni to help make a site a city landmark in Seattle. The Wilson 
Paciﬁ  c site located in North Seattle, just north of greenlake was slated 
for demolition to build two “Mega” schools. This decision was voted on and approved and had a high impact from the HCC parents and 
supporters. Leaving community members and organization, little to no 
voice and displacing them. Now, the district is making the same move across the district.  I ask again, how is this cost eﬀ  ective and helping the 
needs of our students if SPS will dismantle their schools and community?
Volunteering in our schools, I have seen the day to day our teachers 
face. As we look forward, we are looking at the changes that would be made to SPS under enrolled schools and those communities.  There are so many other ways we can look at the budget and help our students have tools they need to succeed.  We are a small school, and I hope to make some change and give our school the same opportunity to continue to educate our future leaders.
I do have, questions and concerns, I will learn and I will adapt, I 
hope to help all our students across the district and our families and community in D1.
 Blaine Parce 
 (206) 861-5661 
 blainemparce@outlook.com 
 
 
 
 Seattle School District No. 1
/circle_arrow_right Director District No. 3
Education: MFA in Documentary Film and Video, Stanford University; 
BA in Literature, Duke University
Occupation: documentary ﬁ  lmmaker
Statement: At its best, education opens doors and unlocks potential. 
Yet in a city of abundant resources, we face persistent opportunity gaps that are among the worst in our nation. As the parent of three SPS students, one of my core beliefs is that we advocate most eﬀ  ectively for our own children when we advocate for all children. We 
must align our district to focus on student outcomes, such that every 
child in this city receives the education they deserve.
From running a summer program for children of East African refugees to teaching at the college level, I have spent time in the classroom and 
understand the unique challenges our educators face. From a parent 
perspective, my eﬀ  orts to secure the support necessary for my child to thrive at school have been met with frustrating roadblocks. As a board member, I will hold myself accountable for advocating for policies that 
support and empower our educators to help our kids reach their full potential.
Children are facing an unprecedented mental health crisis. Our 
schools are facing a budget crisis. And data show that too many students in our district are profoundly underserved. Addressing these issues requires big picture thinking and a systems approach to enacting meaningful change. 
Having served on PTAs and the Magnuson Park Advisory Committee, 
I understand that systemic change doesn’t happen overnight. I also understand that successful movements are grounded in relationship 
building, which is why I will advocate for inclusive engagement policies 
and proactive, transparent communication.
I chose a career in ﬁ  lmmaking because I believe stories shape how 
we see and understand the world. They have the power to transform. Together, let’s create a new story about education in Seattle.
Endorsed by: Current School Board President Brandon Hersey, Board 
Director Chandra Hampson and former Board Director Jill Geary.
 
 Evan Briggs 
 (206) 229-7760 
 info@electevanbriggs.com  www.electevanbriggs.com 



Education: PhD Neurobiology - UW, 2002. MA - Macalester College 
1994. Shaker Heights HS 1990
Occupation: parent and advocate
Statement: Employment and Community Service :  Seattle Special 
Education PTSA. Thornton Creek PTA. Business Operations - Root 
Academy. Software Development Manager - Geospiza. Lab tech - Case 
Western Reserve University.What makes public schools special? It’s the collective eﬀ  ort by 
families, teachers, and neighbors to craft an educational vision, 
support its implementation, and make it available to every child in our 
community. 
I’m running for School Board because I believe I can help bring Seattle 
Public Schools closer to this ideal. 
Right now, our public schools are struggling to meet our vision. 
Despite great teachers and caring community members, the insuﬃ   cient state and federal funding and long-standing budget and leadership diﬃ   culties have left Seattle Public Schools, our educators, and our children in a diﬃ   cult situation.
As a parent and advocate deeply involved in special education, I bring 
a passion for inclusion and educational justice. I am dedicated to ensuring that every child has access to a welcoming and supportive environment that nurtures their growth and success. I believe the school board has a critical role to play in the functioning of our school system.
My key initiatives include fostering welcoming school environments, 
strengthening community engagement, transparency, and oversight, 
and addressing special education failings. These are the initiatives and 
values that will guide me on the school board. They will inform how I work with the public and our school communities to address our 
district’s ﬁ  nancial needs and our ongoing shortcomings in delivering a 
great education. I am dedicated to cultivating an inclusive, equitable, and eﬀ  ective educational system. I will engage with community, increase oversight and accountability, and I will always center the vision that public school should be a place where every child can succeed. I look forward to working together to support our public schools! 
 Christie Robertson 
 (206) 919-9043 
 christieforkids@gmail.com  christieforkids.com 74
 
 
 
 Seattle School District No. 1 Seattle School District No. 1
Director District No. 3
Education: MBA, University of Washington, Bachelors in Arts, 
Middlebury College
Occupation: Product, Google Cloud; previously Director, Washington 
Low Income Housing AllianceStatement: Seattle is a progressive, educated, and innovative city, but 
our Public Schools are failing too many kids, teachers, and families. There is a real but quiet crisis in our schools: pandemic disruptions, declining enrollment, budget instability, and widening gaps in equity and outcomes. I am running for School Board because I believe that we can meet this challenge and build great schools for all families.
I’ve called Seattle home for 20 years. I’ve fought for housing 
aﬀ  ordability as the Executive Director of the Washington Low Income Housing Alliance. I’ve worked at leading technology companies. I’ve been a proud SPS parent– volunteering for school plays, chess club, and fundraising events. Our kids have had dedicated, talented, and committed teachers. 
We need systemic change to address urgent needs . After a student 
died from gun violence at Ingraham High School there was little to 
no response. The Board and District intend to close neighborhood schools and have ended vital enrichment programs. Students furthest from educational justice are, using the District’s own measures, worse oﬀ   than they were in 2019. The constant budget panic is a result of a fundamentally unsound ﬁ  nancial footing with no plans to make real changes. As a result, many parents who can are leaving for private schools.
We deserve a School Board that takes gun violence seriously. We 
deserve a Board that ﬁ  ghts to keep neighborhood schools open and oﬀ  er programs that draw students in. We deserve a Board that does more than talk about improving the education of the kids most in need of our help, but insists on results. I don’t have all the answers, 
but I believe that bringing in new voices is the ﬁ  rst step to getting back 
on the right track. 
I would appreciate your vote. My views are my own, not my employer’s.
 Ben Gitenstein 
 (206) 294-5987 
 Ben@wedeservebetterschools.org  www.wedeservebetterschools.org 



Education: WSA Parent Ambassadors
Occupation: Shelter Counselor at New Horizons Ministries
Statement: My name is Rosie she/her/they/them/their pronouns.
Thank you for this opportunity. I work at New Horizons Ministries with homeless young adults and a few grassroots organizations. I am running because I feel like low income familes which make up a signiﬁ  cant majority of the population of Seattle aren’t being heard nor truly represented. Also I am tired of the dumpster ﬁ  re we call the education system. We are failing the children and disproportionally kids that are part of the BIPOC communities. Not to mention low income families and the kids that qualify for special education and those furthest from educational justice. I am considered ‘low-income’ born and raised. Sitting below the poverty line. I am a Native, a proud Cherokee and Nez Perce . A member and family in the  LGBTQIA 2 spirit community. I am neurodiverse as is my youngest. Which has received or are receiving special education services. As low-income my family depends on free meals at school, Apple Health, and Food Stamps. No one knows or understands the struggles of poverty like someone who’s lived it or is living it. I feel that anywhere decisions are being made everyone should be present and have a say. My lived experience tells me that now is the best time to run for the school board position. I have the knowledge and skills bestowed upon me by amazing programs like Policy Council with the PSESD, The Agents of Change Cohort, and most importantly Washington State Association 
of head start and early head start Parent Ambassadors program. They 
have provided me with the tools I need to work with my communities and advocate for them. I hope you will allow me to do that. 
 Rosie McCarter 
 (206) 383-9339 
 roselynnemccarter@yahoo.com  voterosie.org 
 


Seattle School District No. 1
Director District No. 6
Education: University of Washington: Bachelor’s Degree, Biology; Juris 
Doctor; Master’s Degree, Tax Law
Occupation: Lawyer and West Seattle mom; former Counsel, MLK 
County ExecutiveStatement: Growing up in Washington, I experienced ﬁ  rsthand the 
struggles of our underfunded schools. Still, my life was transformed by the teachers and counselors who went above and beyond to support me. Now, as I prepare to send my daughter into the same underfunded system, like many other parents, I’m worried.
Seattle Public Schools faces a staggering $131 million budget shortfall 
for the 2023-2024 school year. The board is discussing cutting buses and music programs, laying oﬀ   teachers, and even closing schools. It’s clear we need experienced leaders prepared to tackle these issues head-on with innovative solutions and an unwavering commitment to our kids.
I am well equipped to help bring stability and transformation to our 
schools, restoring parental and community conﬁ  dence. As chief legal counsel and policy advisor to the King County Executive, I managed complex policy and budget challenges - working to prioritize equity, accountability, and delivery of services.
With your vote, my top priorities will be: 1)  Ensuring equity
 in education 
for all students, regardless of their background, so that every child 
has the opportunity to succeed; 2) Cultivating safe, inclusive, and welcoming environments , where every student feels valued and 
respected; 3) Empowering educators  through comprehensive support 
and fostering their professional growth, recognizing their critical role in shaping our children’s future; 4) Engaging parents and communities 
to create a collaborative educational system that restores conﬁ  dence in the governance of our district, and reﬂ  ects the diverse needs and perspectives of our city.
Together, I believe we can create a Seattle Public Schools system 
where parents and students look forward to the start of each school day.
I am grateful to have early endorsements from local leaders including 
Executive Dow Constantine, State Representatives Emily Alvarado and Joe Fitzgibbon, and Seattle School Board Director Leslie Harris.
 Gina Topp 
 (253) 691-0135 
 gina@ginatopp.com  www.ginatopp.com 



Education: Bachelor of Agricultural Science Washington State 
University, Early Childhood Development, South Seattle Community 
College
Occupation: Advocate for Women in Recovery for 35 years
Statement: Statement:  40-year West Seattle resident, 3 grandchildren 
in Seattle Public Schools (SPS), 1 with special needs.Restoring conﬁ  dence in our schools that have lost the support of 
families and communities they serve is key. Parents, students, and teachers need to be better informed and consulted about education demands and budget priorities. SPS’s decision making process lacks 
transparency. Elect me to the School Board and I will work tirelessly to 
change that. 
Seattle Public Schools faces declining enrollments, budget 
deﬁ  cits, elimination of resources and programs, possible closures, consolidation, teacher and staﬀ   layoﬀ  s according to an article published by the Seattle Times in April of 2023.  SPS is facing an 
estimated $131 million deﬁ  cit for 2023-24 and $92 million for 2024-25 
yet they are still planning to construct large, one-size-ﬁ  ts-all buildings to replace aging schools.
I live by Alki Elemetary which is proposed for a giant expansion despite 
city declining enrollment. This will harmfully close other schools. I will vote to halt and dial back this project. There are similar harmful projects at Montlake and Rogers Elementaries.
The new schools provide no parking for staﬀ   or parents. ADA parking 
is insuﬃ   cient.The Alki school rebuild and remodel is an example of this. I will work tirelessly to  make sure projects are scaled back if they 
can’t be paid for or don’t have full community support.  If you can’t get 
your chilld to the school, they can’t be educated.
Endorsed by Vicki Schmitz, whose family donated the land for Schmitz 
Park Elementary, Mia Jacobson, canidate for City Counsel District 1, Jennifer Reyes, Commercial Real Estate Profesional.
 Maryanne Wood 
 (206) 910-3337 
 lucilhasa1@yahoo.com