Education: EMPA, University of Washington Evans School; MA, 
Georgetown University; BA, Boston University
Occupation: Distinguished Naval Intelligence oﬃ   cer, stay-at-home 
dad, civic volunteerStatement: 
I’m running for Seattle City Council because I’m concerned 
about the Council’s inaction and failure on the most important issues 
facing our community. I’ll help lead our city to meet the challenges we face on public safety, public health, and homelessness. Seattle can feel 
like a thriving, vibrant community again.
I’m a ﬁ  rst-generation American, stay-at-home dad and civic leader, 
having retired as a Naval oﬃ   cer to help support my wife’s work as a Civil Rights Attorney – including the landmark case with the ACLU, overturning “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.” I volunteer with several neighborhood-level community organizations, including as Chair of the Queen Anne Community Council’s Public Safety Committee.
As the only Democratic challenger in this race , I’ll bring concrete plans 
based on our shared Seattle values. I’m a realist who believes that 
ground-level results are more important than political platitudes. 
We need to get serious about crime reduction. The Council’s pledge to 
defund SPD by 50% was irresponsible and undercut our public safety and our ability to implement reform. I support allocating additional 
resources to recruitment, training, and community policing – including 
non-police responders. 
We cannot solve our public safety issues without addressing public 
health. With increasing shelter space, it’s time to restore our public spaces and stop relying on unsafe, inhumane encampments. City Council has enabled open drug use and drug dealing in our neighborhoods including downtown, which claimed the lives of 500+ Seattleites last year. We need leadership able to partner with County, State, and Federal authorities, to add mental health hospital capacity and addiction treatment centers. We must also prioritize programs and service providers that prove they work. I’ll focus Seattle 
government on saving lives, keeping the vulnerable safe, and restoring 
our beautiful city.
We can do this! I’m Bob Kettle, and I ask for your vote.
 Bob Kettle 
 (206) 972-4777 
 info@kettleforseattle.com  kettleforseattle.com