Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Political Science and Studio Art | 
Certiﬁ  ed Ethical Hacker
Occupation: Small Business Owner | Principal Private Investigator 
AgencyStatement: I have spent 25 years living in the City of Seattle. I am 
a solution-oriented problem solver  that is both able and capable of 
delivering results fast . As a resident of the Downtown Corridor,  I have 
seen ﬁ  rst-hand the escalation of violent crime, drug use, mental health 
crises, accumulation of waste, and camping in public spaces.
The City of Seattle must Elect a Leader capable of working with other 
Members and City Departments to: Implement  common sense solutions  
that will address the crises  that have left thousands on Seattle’s 
sidewalks, streets, and parks where criminal activity continues to run rampant; improve public safety while re-building trust  between the 
public safety providers; ensure all elected oﬃ   cials are held accountable 
and keep the promises they make to during campaigns; urgently 
deal with waste that continues to accumulate  around the City and its 
perimeter in order to keep Seattle green; balance a budget  
and conduct 
regular audits to ensure the needs of the general public are prioritized over ‘special interest(s)’; establish training sites
 for individuals displaced 
or unemployed in order to increase the supply of skilled workers to meet current demands; incentivize education  in areas where we are 
falling behind (STEM).
In 2019, I ran for this same position. Our Elected Oﬃ   cials are still 
talking about the same issues that were talked about over four years ago. The answer always seems to be more money, taxes, or another study. The 
City of Seattle cannot continue to just talk, study, or spend their 
way out of these problems.  It is the taxpayers who are footing the bill.
I am not a career politician nor am I owned or chosen by any special interest. My sole commitment is to my constituents . I will bring common-
sense solutions  back to our City government.   
Solutions must start now.
 Isabelle Kerner 
 (206) 271-1560 
 isabelle@isabellekerner.com  www.kernerforcouncil.com 