City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 3
Education: Bachelors in Philosophy, UNLV; Juris Doctorate, Seattle 
University School of Law (magna cum laude)
Occupation: Public Defender, Pierce County Department of Assigned 
CounselStatement: I want to live in a Seattle where the government is 
accountable to the community, especially when it comes to keeping 
the community accountable.  Over the last few years, particularly since 
the CHOP, I have been frustrated by our city government’s abdication of their responsibilities.  Seattle has been increasingly covered in 
graﬃ   ti and inundated by property crime while a toxic compassion has 
taught us to walk past and otherwise ignore our neighbors’ suﬀ  ering as they kill themselves with fentanyl and other drugs.   We can do 
better.
For the last 12 years I’ve worked as a public defender, representing 
some of the poorest and most marginalized among us. Many of my clients were chronically homeless, suﬀ  ering from substance use disorders as well as co-occurring mental illnesses. I know it’s possible to treat people with respect while still expecting responsibility.
My experience with mental illness isn’t just professional, but also 
personal.  In 2015, I was confronted with a diﬃ   cult diagnosis at 30 years old.  It shattered my identity, and the stigma inspired suicidal thoughts. Fortunately, I found a supportive community and the right combination of medications, and I’ve been stable now for six years.  I’m sharing this for two reasons: to confront the stigma, but also, because I recognize we need to be accountable for our own mental health. 
If elected I will work to reconcile the trust gap between the community and SPD.  We need more oﬃ   cers out of cars and patrolling streets on 
foot and by bike. I will provide housing subsidies to both help attract new oﬃ   cers and make sure more of our oﬃ   cers are patrolling the streets of the communities they live in . We will prioritize community 
safety, not just oﬃ   cer safety.
I promise to stay accountable and accessible, and to prioritize ideas 
that are practical and actionable.
 Bobby Goodwin 
 (803) 868-3443 
 campaign@goodwinforseattle.com  goodwinforseattle.com 



Education: CWU Bachelor of Arts in Elementary Education and Early 
Childhood Development
Occupation: Seattle Public Schools Substitute Teacher, 37th 
Democrats 1st Vice ChairStatement: Our city is at a turning point. We haven’t had leadership 
that listens. We aren’t able to trust that our elected oﬃ   cials will do a good job. We’ve been hindered by political games, inﬂ  exibility, indecisiveness, and special interest money. We can’t aﬀ  ord more of the same.
I decided to run the day my son was born. I need him to grow up 
in a place where leaders behave like leaders and respond to their neighbors when they are called upon. In my role as a husband, father, business owner, care provider, activist, and substitute teacher I’ve 
learned that the most important piece of our lives is how we can be of 
service to our community.
I would like to serve because we need one million square feet of 
“home” for our homeless neighbors within the next three years. Allowing for temporary sanctioned encampments for those unready to come inside, ending the practice of sweeps, and adding wrap-
around services will allow people build self-suﬃ   cient lives of meaning. 
Additionally, we’re going to reinstate the free ride zone so that Seattle becomes a leader on public transit opportunities for people nationwide.
Immediately, we need to leave the war on drugs behind and invest in 
education, support services, and job training. I will work to create a jobs pipeline into new public safety models for formerly incarcerated persons so that those with lived experience can be the next case workers, crisis responders, and more.
My campaign is being run exactly how I’ll run my oﬃ   ce; with hard 
work, direct conversations, and building solutions. I’m the only 
candidate funding their campaign entirely using Democracy Vouchers, 
because money and politics don’t mix.
Endorsements: Former City Councilmember Nick Licata, Former US 
Attorney John McKay, Earl’s Cuts & Styles, Catﬁ  sh Corner, A for Apple Learning Center, and more!
 Alex Cooley     
 info@CooleyForCouncil.com 
 www.CooleyForCouncil.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 3
Education: BE, Computer Science, Delhi University, India 1995; MBA, 
Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, India 1997
Occupation: Ex- Senior Program Manager, Microsoft, PMP; Actor; 
CashierStatement: 
I am a ﬁ  rst-generation gay immigrant from India and have 
lived in Seattle since 2002. From working as a program manager at 
Microsoft to pursuing the dream as an actor to working retail, I have experienced the struggles of work at every level. I am also a member of the SAG-AFTRA union.
I have served on my condo HOA board for ﬁ  ve years. This role has 
enabled me to listen to my constituents, be empathetic to their problems and focus on ﬁ  nding and implementing solutions.   
I get the job done!
My platform prioritizes advancing green infrastructure across the city. 
This includes expanding Sound Transit with last mile loop buses. I will also work with Seattle City Light to expand electric infrastructure. This will enable the expansion of electric cars throughout the city. The green energy industry should provide opportunities for local businesses, and I especially want to support businesses owned by women, people of color and sexual minorities.
I want to make housing more aﬀ  ordable by de-zoning, leveraging 
I-135 and reducing competition from non-resident investors. I believe in compassionate solutions for homelessness. I believe in enhancing public safety by hiring local Seattleites for our police and ﬁ  re departments while ensuring equal opportunity for all historically excluded communities.
I support reproductive rights, LGBTQIA rights, and worker rights 
to organize. I want to streamline the process and resolve local constituent concerns like potholes and damaged pavements in a timely manner. I am in this race because I want to build a more prosperous and equitable Seattle.
 Shobhit Agarwal 
 (206) 851-5766 
 shobhit_agarwal@yahoo.com  www.voteforshobhit.com 



Education: Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre, Central Washington 
University; Master’s Degree, International Relations, American 
University
Occupation: Customer Success Partner, TheGuarantors; Artist & 
Producer with RYCO TheatricalsStatement: I am running to be the ﬁ  rst non-binary Councilmember 
on the Seattle City Council to represent our historic Arts District, the diverse LGBTQ+ community, and all constituents in District 3. Our campaign is building momentum to keep Seattle as progressive as we can with a focus on shelter, safety, and sustainability .
Together, we will establish a universal “right-to-shelter,” pass robust renter protections and rent control, work to reform our strained 
policing system (in partnership with the BIPOC community) in building 
speciﬁ  c alternatives to those more traditional response models, and create America’s ﬁ  rst carbon free city by 2030. I believe that we get more done for the city and its residents when we put aside divisive rhetoric and work together toward a common goal. Inspired by the 
work of Senator Sanders, I identify as a pragmatic Democratic Socialist 
and believe that I’m the most progressive candidate running for this seat. Furthermore, as a lifetime Sierra Club member and activist with Extinction Rebellion, Seattle will never see a stronger advocate for protecting our environment and battling the impacts of climate change. 
As a third-generation union worker and member of two locals, I am 
deeply committed to go beyond business-as-usual and ﬁ  ght as a warrior for the labor movement and the working people of Seattle. We can do more to lift up wages and worker protections while also 
focusing on economic recovery. These are the values I will bring to the 
Council when elected. 
Our campaign is proudly endorsed by the King County Young 
Democrats, the Seattle Green Party, and the Green Party of Washington. I’m honored that our race has the backing of these groups and so many others. It would be a great privilege to earn your vote and support throughout our people-oriented campaign to create actionable change in our community. 
 Ry Armstrong 
 (206) 657-6287 
 hello@vote4ry.com  www.vote4ry.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 3
Education: Bsc Microbiology Igbinedion University Nigeria
Occupation: HIV Clinical Program Manager HealthPoint CHC
Statement: I am a pragmatic uniter who believes in standing up 
for what’s right, with empathy and accountability. I believe in building together through community-centric relationships; my lived experiences continue to inform me on how this translates into 
meaningful policy. As one formerly unhoused and who lives and works 
alongside those who face the same struggles - especially when it comes to housing aﬀ  ordability, availability, and accessibility. I will use this oﬃ   ce to fund the mandate for social housing by Seattle voters.
As a Black man from a Nigerian immigrant background,  community 
safety means that we all must feel safe, including that we must ﬁ  nd alternatives to policing that are evidence-based and rooted in community responsibility and resilience. We cannot keep doing the same old things and hoping for diﬀ  erent outcomes; this is not only ﬁ  scally irresponsible, it is morally harmful. Seattle can and must do better.
I am HIV-positive, and I have been ﬁ  ghting for digniﬁ  ed healthcare 
and health equity as a professional and an activist.. I am an LGBTQ+ individual who is active in LGBTQ+ rights, especially for BIPOC individuals. As such I am a lifelong advocate for the safety and sense of belonging that we all inherently deserve.
I rely on public transit and walking; I know how important it is to 
expand safe and accessible multimodal transportation and build safe walkways and bike lanes.
I march, and I also walk the walk. I am the chair of the Washington 
State Stonewall Democrats, co-chair of the Seattle LGBTQ Commission, and Board Member for People Of Color Against AIDS Network (POCAAN) and Seattle LGBTQ+ Center. I hope to earn your vote to serve you as District 3’s next City Councilmember. 
Endorsed by Fmr. King County Councilmember Larry Gossett, 
Washington Stonewall Democrats, UW Democrats, Seattle U Democrats, , and more.
 
 Andrew Ashiofu 
 (206) 468-8559 
 info@andrewforseattle.com  www.andrewforseattle.com/ 



Education: Master of Education, University of Washington; Bachelor of 
Arts, University of Arizona
Occupation: Food Access Network, Northwest Harvest; Operations, 
Hollingsworth FarmsStatement: I am a non-proﬁ  t leader, small-business owner, and third-
generation Central District neighbor. I’m also a community connector, problem solver, and optimist. These are the perspectives I’ll bring to City Council where I will work to ensure that our local government is 
serving the needs of our community and neighbors. With your vote, I’ll 
prioritize:
Community safety rooted in upstream solutions that reduce crime, 
prevent gun violence, keep our youth safe, and connect vulnerable people to care – not jail. I will prioritize crisis response teams and non-armed responders for neighbors in crisis, adequate Fire Department, EMT and Police staﬃ   ng to keep communities safe and reduce response times. 
Aﬀ  ordable housing  for all income levels, from students and young 
families to seniors, including the expansion of emergency shelter and 
permanent supportive housing. I’ll promote density, address impacts 
of displacement and gentriﬁ  cation, and provide opportunities for ﬁ  rst-
time homebuyers and family housing options. 
Healthy communities  for current neighbors and future generations with 
thriving local businesses that anchor our neighborhoods and create 
jobs; where aﬀ  ordable childcare and wraparound services, parks, 
playﬁ  elds, libraries, roads, and open space are within reach, and there 
are safe and accessible ways to get around.  
My family of public school educators, public servants, and civil rights 
leaders have made positive change in Seattle for generations. Inspired 
by them, I’ve dedicated my life to public service and driving equitable 
policy at every level. I will be a bridge for our community to city hall 
and the 45 city departments for service. I would appreciate your vote.  
Proudly endorsed: 37th LD Democrats, UFCW 3000, LiUNA, Iron Workers, State Representative Sharon Tomiko Santos, Justice Faith Ireland (ret.), former County Councilmember Larry Gossett, Colleen Echohawk, Dr. Harriet Walden, Andrea Caupain, and 70+ community leaders, small 
business owners, and housing, youth, LGBTQIA+, climate, equity advocates. 
 
 Joy Hollingsworth 
 (206) 698-2680 
 joyforseattle@gmail.com  www.joyforseattle.com



City of Seattle
Council District No. 3
Education: BA Government/Political Science NMSU & JD Seattle 
University School of Law
Occupation: Attorney
Statement: With at least four new faces coming to Seattle City Council 
we have a unique opportunity to enact real, lasting solutions to the 
housing aﬀ  ordability, homelessness, and climate crises. I am uniquely 
qualiﬁ  ed to serve during this critical time in our city’s history. I was born during the height of Reaganomics and my family struggled 
ﬁ  nancially throughout my childhood. I would not be here today without sacriﬁ  ce, community, and the occasional second chance. My early struggles are why I’m drawn to serve in the public sector, previously as part of the uniformed services, and currently, as an attorney in Mental Health Court. 
We’re living at an inﬂ  ection point: the culmination of generations 
of deliberate disenfranchisement along racial lines exacerbating divisions in our country, and underinvestment in social services. Our task is not a simple one, we must invest in non-police responses for crisis intervention while also taking an aggressive stance on removing guns from our streets all while prioritizing rehabilitation for low level oﬀ  enders to break the cycle. 
Simultaneously, we Must greatly expand our supply of aﬀ  ordable 
housing; maximize usage of existing inventory; minimize displacement 
of vulnerable communities; and ensure accessible transit for all. To 
this end, I’m committed to leveraging our social housing developer and creating 200K homes over the next ten years–anything less and we’ll only see the aﬀ  ordability crisis worsen. 
For Seattle to be successful, we must acknowledge there’s no going 
back to “how things were before.” We must take action to build a Seattle we can all be proud to pass on to the next generation. We must decarbonize our transportation system, invest in bold capital projects to redeﬁ  ne our city and improve quality of life. I believe we have it within us to realize this vision, and be an example for other cities to follow. 
 
 Efrain Hudnell 
 (206) 593-2203 
 info@electefrain.com  electefrain.com 



Education: BA in Political Science, Minors in Sociology and Economics, 
Western Washington University - 2007
Occupation: Executive Director, Transportation Choices Coalition, First 
Hill Neighborhood Association (former)Statement: I’m a progressive urbanist with a proven record of ﬁ  nding 
common ground, solving problems, and delivering results. Alongside community, I’ve created lasting, positive changes in housing and transit, reforming enforcement and improving neighborhoods.
For ﬁ  ve years, I led First Hill’s neighborhood association, where we 
welcomed aﬀ  ordable housing, built safer transportation, better parks, 
and increased livability. Until recently, I was the Executive Director of 
Transportation Choices Coalition, where I built coalitions that secured transformative transportation investments, expanded light rail and bus service, and made transit free for youth.
Our district has beautiful, vibrant places. We lead with compassion. 
But things are oﬀ   track, and too many of us fall through the cracks. We must urgently address complicated problems like homelessness, public safety, and aﬀ  ordability.
With fresh ideas, courage, and a commitment to action, we can build 
more housing, care for our vulnerable neighbors, and keep everyone safe. We can be a great city. I understand District 3’s challenges - and how to make progress. On my website, I’ve released extensive policy agendas and am bringing bold solutions to the table. 
I’m a First Hill renter, public school parent, and cancer survivor. I’m 
a ﬁ  rst-generation college graduate who worked my way through WWU. I was named one of “Seattle’s Most Inﬂ  uential People” in 2015 by Seattle Magazine. I serve on the board of a major non-proﬁ  t aﬀ  ordable housing provider and the Freeway Park Association. I’m proud to be endorsed by labor unions, progressive organizations, and community leaders.
We deserve a representative committed to listening, problem-solving, 
and making our lives better. My years of experience shows I can hit the ground running and get Seattle on track to reach our full potential together. It’d be an honor to serve our district, and I’m asking for your vote.
 Alex Hudson 
   info@alexforseattle.com 
 alexforseattle.com