Education: PhD Neurobiology - UW, 2002. MA - Macalester College 
1994. Shaker Heights HS 1990
Occupation: parent and advocate
Statement: Employment and Community Service :  Seattle Special 
Education PTSA. Thornton Creek PTA. Business Operations - Root 
Academy. Software Development Manager - Geospiza. Lab tech - Case 
Western Reserve University.What makes public schools special? It’s the collective eﬀ  ort by 
families, teachers, and neighbors to craft an educational vision, 
support its implementation, and make it available to every child in our 
community. 
I’m running for School Board because I believe I can help bring Seattle 
Public Schools closer to this ideal. 
Right now, our public schools are struggling to meet our vision. 
Despite great teachers and caring community members, the insuﬃ   cient state and federal funding and long-standing budget and leadership diﬃ   culties have left Seattle Public Schools, our educators, and our children in a diﬃ   cult situation.
As a parent and advocate deeply involved in special education, I bring 
a passion for inclusion and educational justice. I am dedicated to ensuring that every child has access to a welcoming and supportive environment that nurtures their growth and success. I believe the school board has a critical role to play in the functioning of our school system.
My key initiatives include fostering welcoming school environments, 
strengthening community engagement, transparency, and oversight, 
and addressing special education failings. These are the initiatives and 
values that will guide me on the school board. They will inform how I work with the public and our school communities to address our 
district’s ﬁ  nancial needs and our ongoing shortcomings in delivering a 
great education. I am dedicated to cultivating an inclusive, equitable, and eﬀ  ective educational system. I will engage with community, increase oversight and accountability, and I will always center the vision that public school should be a place where every child can succeed. I look forward to working together to support our public schools! 
 Christie Robertson 
 (206) 919-9043 
 christieforkids@gmail.com  christieforkids.com