Education: Bachelor’s in Society, Ethics, & Human Behavior, minor in 
Human Rights; University of Washington, Bothell
Occupation: Operations Director, Real Change News
Statement: My name is Tye Reed and I’m running to be your next 
District 5 councilmember.
Most people know me as the co-chair and co-founder of the House 
Our Neighbors coalition that won permanently aﬀ  ordable social housing in Seattle. I’m also a mutual aid organizer, a member of the Transit Riders Union, a board member for both Be: Seattle and the Housing Justice Project, as well as a displaced renter who is ready to represent your community on the Seattle City Council.
As your councilmember, I will immediately focus my oﬃ   ce’s attention on passing bold  progressive revenue to ﬁ  ll the projected $200 million 
shortfall in the 2024 budget. I will do this by increasing the Jumpstart tax on large corporations and implementing a capital gains wealth tax at the city level. Seattle residents are tired of regressive taxes that make every year harder and harder for working class families.
Seattle must stop these pointless sweeps. We know they don’t work 
and they never will. Last year, the City carried out over 900 sweeps, many of them at the same location multiple times, with only a 
worsening homeless crisis to show for it. Our tax dollars should not be 
wasted; we need more public bathrooms, trash pickup, and hygiene stations - not sweeps.
Finally, I will prioritize creating safe spaces for our kids, elders, and 
disabled neighbors through massive infrastructure investments. I will start by pedestrianizing Aurora with sidewalks, trees, and lit crosswalks. I will ﬁ  ght to make sure the 130th St station opens on schedule in 2026, with zoning that allows for dense, aﬀ  ordable housing in our district.
Community members have already told us what they need to live and 
thrive in a safe, healthy Seattle; politicians simply need to say yes. Vote 
Tye Reed to be your District 5 Councilmember.
 
 Tye Reed     
 info@tyeforﬁ  ve.com 
 tyeforﬁ  ve.com 
