Education: BSCE with distinction and Mathematics Minor, Nevada; MS, 
Civil Engineering, UW; Project Mgmt Cert, UW
Occupation: Engineer/Owner, Integrity Structural Engineering, PLLC
Statement: City Council has failed to eﬀ  ectively address 
homelessness, public safety, and housing unaﬀ  ordability.  It’s time to replace mismanagement and deliver safe neighborhoods, well-maintained parks, roads, greenways, and public transportation that beneﬁ  t all residents.  Our city is facing a homelessness and addiction crisis.  As one with close family who’ve struggled with addiction and homelessness for decades, I’ve seen ﬁ  rsthand the impacts.  I’m running to bring back pragmatic policies and a renewed focus on delivering the basics.
As a business owner and civil engineer with 31 years of experience 
building major infrastructure and public works, I have the know-how to ensure growth beneﬁ  ts all. Smart planning can improve livability, protect the environment and tree canopy, increase quality of life, and prevent many of the problems we face today due to shortsightedness.  I will work to safeguard growth that provides aﬀ  ordable housing for all stages and ages, and beneﬁ  ts neighborhoods without overstressing existing infrastructure.
On Council, I’ll be your advocate for public safety, restoring police 
staﬃ   ng to needed levels, and will make decisions that improve Seattle’s livability.  I’ll work to improve 911 response times, uplift and support our local businesses, and reestablish accountability in City Hall. With the right leadership, we can restore Downtown and the neighborhood business districts we are proud of.
Seattle is a world-class city and deserves a councilmember who 
understands public works, supports local businesses, protects parks and schools, funds police and emergency responders, and acts to address homelessness eﬀ  ectively, compassionately, and immediately.  You have my pledge: I will be that Councilmember. I ask for your vote.
Endorsements:
 Former Seattle Council Members: Pageler & Steinbrueck 
(Past Port Commissioner), Edmonds Council Member Will Chen, 
Former Seattle School Board Presidents: Smith-Blum & Burke; SDOT Director of Capital Projects & Roadway Structures Miller (Retired); Asian Community Leader Shiao-Yen Wu; TreePAC Chair Zemke
 Ken Wilson 
 (206) 637-4994 
 Info@KenForCouncil4.com  www.KenForCouncil4.com