Education: BA History and Political Science, University of Washington; 
JD University of California, Berkeley
Occupation: Seattle City Councilmember; Attorney
Statement: As the parent of a six-month-old, I’m more determined 
than ever to build a Seattle we can be proud to pass on to the next generation. In my ﬁ  rst term, I brought together unlikely coalitions to deliver results and I’ll continue that work if re-elected.
Public Safety: In my ﬁ  rst term, I increased our park ranger program 
from two to 28 rangers, fully funded the police hiring budget each year, passed an ordinance protecting ﬁ  reﬁ  ghters from harassment in the line of duty, and worked with Mayor Harrell to create a civilian behavioral health response in lieu of police involvement. If re-elected, I’ll increase these alternative responses, continue the shared commitment of the Council and Mayor to recruit and retain police, and support community programs proven to reduce repeated criminal behavior.
Housing And Homelessness : We need to get people out of 
encampments and into stable housing immediately. Working with 
Mayor Harrell, my oﬃ   ce helped create the Uniﬁ  ed Care Team, a one-stop, no-excuses shop to navigate people experiencing homelessness into shelter and resolve encampments. Encampments have been reduced by 42%, but much work remains. Over the next four years, I’ll increase enhanced shelter options like tiny houses so people experiencing homelessness have a stable shelter, rather than being displaced to another encampment. I’ll also work with city partners to build and acquire social and non-proﬁ  t housing so more people can aﬀ  ord to live in our community.
Climate Change
: We are running out of time to combat climate change. 
Seattle must confront the emergency with housing planning that 
emphasizes dense, walkable communities, electriﬁ  cation of buildings, 
and safe, reliable public transportation.Endorsements : MLK County Labor Council, 36th District Democrats, 
Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal, fmr. Labor Secretary Robert Reich, 
Attorney General Bob Ferguson, County Executive Dow Constantine, Downtown Seattle Association CEO Jon Scholes
 Andrew J. Lewis 
 (206) 593-2203 
 lewisforseattle@gmail.com  www.lewisforseattle.com