Education: Ballard High School; Seattle Community College; SHRM 
Certiﬁ  cation, University of Washington
Occupation: Small Business Owner, Nonproﬁ  t Board Member, Mother
Statement: We urgently need change at City Hall. It’s critical to act 
now and get Seattle back on the right track. As an immigrant, a small business owner, and a mom — not a politician — I understand the 
urgency to address the failures we’ve witnessed. The blatant dismissal 
of businesses, the ignorance and arrogance at City Hall, and the turning a blind eye to our safety.
The recent string of shootings that forced me to close my bakery 
on Third Avenue compelled me to take action. I pledge to you: no more excuses on homelessness, no more defunding the police, and no more neglecting downtown. Seattle can be transformed, but it requires more than empty political promises.
As Washington’s Business Owner of the Year, I’m committed to 
revitalizing downtown by bringing back small/minority-owned businesses and vibrant community events. To address homelessness, I’ll hire more police oﬃ   cers and add new crisis responders for non-violent calls.
I immigrated to America in ‘99 and graduated from Ballard High, so 
I understand the importance of community. My family and I made Piroshky Piroshky bakeries a Seattle staple. And with 70 Seattle based employees who spread piroshky love across the country, I prioritize living wages, healthcare, ﬁ  nancial security, and work-life balance — values that all businesses should embrace.
Politics as usual is falling short, that’s why I am running to challenge 
the status quo. I’ll be a voice for ordinary families whom City Hall has neglected and pushed aside. My commitment is solely to you — the people of Seattle. I have no special interests in my corner, and I have no ambition for higher oﬃ   ce. My aim is simple: to restore common-sense in city government.
I’m Olga Sagan, and if you’re hungry for change in Seattle, I would be 
honored to earn your vote.
 Olga Sagan 
 (206) 999-7456 
 info@olgaforseattle.com  olgaforseattle.com