Education: Master Science, Information Systems University of 
Washington Bachelor Arts, Business Administration University of 
Washington
Occupation: AmeriCorps VetCorps Member, Washington State 
Department of Veterans Aﬀ  airsStatement: Hello! My name is George Artem, and I am running for 
Seattle City Council District 4.
I came to the United States as a child from the ex-Soviet Union and 
the greater Seattle area has been my home for over three decades. I attended the University of Washington as an undergrad and completed a Master of Science in Information Systems from the same institution ten years later.
My interest in politics began after the devastation of the second Bush 
administration. In 2008 I canvassed for President Barack Obama, and in 2016 I caucused with Democrats for Senator Bernie Sanders and later supported Dr. Jill Stein in the general election. I stayed out of the 2020 election cycle; but as I’ve gotten older and went to law school, I have found myself agreeing with more of what Washington State 
Republicans have to say and aligning with moderate conservatives like 
Justice Sandra Day O’Connor. However, in truth I’m a pragmatist that prefers solutions over parties.
When I returned from law school, the city that I love had become 
unrecognizable. Previously bustling commercial districts had turned into open air drug markets, and tents lined the downtown streets. My 
primary motivation for running was to take action on drug possession, change our politics around policing, make rent aﬀ  ordable, and cut red 
tape and permitting costs so that Seattle can build.
I believe in small government and local control. As a City Council 
member, I intend to use those as guiding principles to push back against Olympia’s one-size-ﬁ  ts-all policies and bring a culture of 
accountability to local government. Whether it be the City, the County, 
or the State, our leaders have raised and spent a lot of money in recent years, and the public has a right to know where it went.
 George Artem 
 (206) 929-6114 
 info@georgeartem.com  www.georgeartem.com 