Education: J.D., Fordham University School of Law, B.A., Skidmore 
College, The Bronx High School of Science
Occupation: Deputy Director, Oﬃ   ce of Arts & Culture, City of Seattle
Statement: I’ll never forget waiting and worrying outside Ingraham 
High School as my teenage girls were in lockdown during the recent school shooting. It really brought home that things are oﬀ   track. I grew up in a tough neighborhood in the Bronx on the top ﬂ  oor of a ﬁ  ve story walk up. My dad was a welder and proud union member, my mom worked in a factory. They moved from Puerto Rico seeking a better life.
I found that life here in Seattle.  Unfortunately due to poor decisions 
and performative posturing by the City Council -- including pledging to 
defund the police -- our quality of life has eroded, neighborhood small 
businesses are struggling and our streets are less safe.  I’ll listen and 
work to end the divisiveness and put Seattle back on track.
I’ll make public safety my top priority.  Five-minute response times 
for priority 911 calls, get guns oﬀ   our streets, shut down open-air drug markets, address addiction and the mental health crisis. It’s also unacceptable that three years after the murder of George Floyd, Seattle still has no alternative to an armed response to 911 calls. Not all situations require police oﬃ   cers, but many do. I’ll prioritize. I will bring people together to build more aﬀ  ordable housing and address the homelessness crisis.  
With more than 30 years in public service, I know how to get things 
done. I worked in the White House as President Clinton’s Hispanic 
liaison, for the National Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, in Seattle for 
the ACLU post 9/11 to protect Muslim communities from xenophobia, and for former Councilmember Tom Rasmussen. I am honored to have the endorsements of Attorney General Bob Ferguson, Former Councilmember Tom Rasmussen, and many others.
With better governance, Seattle can be progressive, safe, and vibrant. 
I ask for your support.
 
 Maritza Rivera 
 (206) 579-9455 
 maritza@maritzaforseattle.com  www.maritzaforseattle.com