Education: BA in Physics and Science, Technology and Society, Vassar 
College; JD Cardozo School of Law
Occupation: Administrative Law Judge, Washington Oﬃ   ce of 
Administrative HearingsStatement: My name is Phil Tavel. I’m running for one simple reason: 
Seattle City Council is failing to deliver on its basic promises.
The last few years have been discouraging. City Council has spent 
countless millions on our homelessness crisis. Despite that, hundreds of our unhoused neighbors have died, and our parks and public spaces have deteriorated. Meanwhile, City Council has failed to even deliver a contract to fully fund basic police services. It’s unacceptable. 
Everyone deserves to feel safe and comfortable in their neighborhood. 
Like you, I want a Seattle that keeps its promises. That should start with the City Council.
I’ll bring unmatched experience on these issues to the Council. My 
service includes being an Administrative Law Judge, Public Defender and community leader. Every day in my hearings I learn about our neighbors’ struggles. From property crime to gun violence to aﬀ  ordability issues, I understand our toughest community challenges. In my volunteer work, I try to solve those challenges by bringing people together to ﬁ  nd common ground and by focusing on 
measurable progress. I successfully organized thousands of neighbors to push for results on the West Seattle Bridge. On City Council, I’ll work 
just as hard for you.
We all know what matters. Seattle should be safe, clean, and 
prosperous. We should invest in both unarmed crisis responders and police staﬃ   ng. We should support emergency shelters and safe lots, while restoring our parks and public spaces. We should stop making Seattle a tough place to open a business, or even get permits. We need leaders who get it.
I want to restore pride in Seattle. It will take a City Council that works 
hard and focuses on what works and what matters most. It’s time for public service, not politics. I’m Phil Tavel, and I ask for your vote.
 Phil Tavel 
 (206) 949-8680 
 tavelforseattle@gmail.com  www.TavelforSeattle.com 