Education: UC Law San Francisco, J.D.; University of Washington, B.A. 
Political Science
Occupation: Attorney, Former Appointed Member of Seattle Police 
Chief Search CommitteeStatement: I am running to serve the people of District 1 with their 
best interests in mind ﬁ  rst. We need an accountable, responsive 
government willing to center equity, progressive values, and common sense.
My name is Rob Saka and I’d be honored  to serve you. I am a public 
school dad of three, attorney, public safety advocate, and Air Force Veteran. I am the proud son of a Nigerian immigrant and former 
warehouse worker who rescued me from foster care and raised me as 
a single father. 
I believe in safe communities and better policing. Everyone has a right 
to feel safe in their neighborhood, free of crime or unequal justice. We must enact Both eﬀ  ective prevention strategies And appropriate 
response capabilities to meet the realities of today’s public safety challenges.
While growing up, I lived in public and low-income housing. These 
experiences taught me that everyone deserves safe, quality aﬀ  ordable 
housing in a thriving community. A severe lack of housing for people 
at all income levels means that those at the bottom are suﬀ  ering the most. We must build more aﬀ  ordable housing, particularly low-income housing and workforce housing for middle income residents.
As a former foster kid, I know what it’s like to be completely uprooted 
and swept away. We must do better for our unhoused neighbors. Sadly, the homelessness crisis in our city has devolved into a total humanitarian catastrophe. It is our moral imperative to take urgent action and ﬁ  nd people housing and treatment now.
At City Hall, I want to normalize collaborating across diﬀ  erences, 
ﬁ  nding common ground, and getting bold things accomplished that work for everyone. I know there is a better way forward for Seattle, and I couldn’t be more energized at the opportunity we have to do it together!
 Rob Saka     
 info@voterobsaka.com 
 www.voterobsaka.com 