Education: Graduate, Franklin High School; Attended Shoreline 
Community College
Occupation: Executive Director, Fremont Chamber of Commerce
Statement: With Mayor Harrell’s leadership, we’ve made some 
progress in making our neighborhoods safer, but there is still much work to be done. To achieve this, we must elect a pragmatic City Council committed to fulﬁ  lling its promises by focusing on the basics rather than engaging in divisive and performative politics. 
I bring a successful career in Hospitality spanning 35 years. I owned 
the Red Door in Fremont for two decades. Through this experience, I have honed my problem-solving skills and developed an ability to work within a budget.
My top priorities are:Community Safety: We must work with law enforcement, drug 
treatment experts, mental health professionals, and residents to ensure community safety. Our city should guarantee a timely and reliable response to ensure vibrant neighborhoods where we can all 
live, work, and play. Uniformed oﬃ   cers play an essential role, but not 
every situation requires their response.
Housing & Homelessness: Seattle must place the utmost importance 
on providing aﬀ  ordable housing to help working families, seniors 
and alleviate homelessness. To accomplish this, the city must direct its eﬀ  orts toward expanding the current housing supply and expediting permitting processes while maintaining aﬀ  ordability and neighborhood character. For those experiencing homelessness, we must increase shelter availability, implement programs like tiny home villages, and enhance mental health and drug treatment services. Our ultimate focus should be prioritizing support for those requiring it the most.
Seattle has been my beloved home for more than half a century. 
I strive to conduct myself with civility and compassion in all of my interactions. We are in a pivotal time as a city. I’m running because we need a more pragmatic, problem-solving approach to shape our shared future. I’d be honored to earn your vote. Endorsed: Jan Drago, Jane Noland, Margaret Pageler, Jan Drago, Sue Donaldson and Peter Steinbrueck.
 Pete Hanning 
 (206) 682-7328 
 info@votepeteford6.org  votepeteford6.org