City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 1
Education: MBA, Stanford University, BA in History, McGill University
Occupation: President and founder of Eltana Bagels
Statement: I am running for Seattle City Council to approach Seattle’s 
challenges with vision and pragmatism. And we desperately need both! I will bring that combination of talents to incentivize the development of more aﬀ  ordable homes to move our unhoused residents oﬀ   the streets and into services. We also need a renewed push to develop middle-income housing so that nurses, teachers, mechanics and those on ﬁ  xed incomes can continue to call Seattle their home. Let’s further restrict access to guns and promote safety in every neighborhood. I will support our small businesses and help revitalize Downtown.
I have the ideas, skills and leadership experience to move our city 
forward.  
I began to consider running for council a few years ago when I decided 
to keep Eltana Bagels open and un-boarded during the height of the George Floyd protests and ensuing CHOP occupancy. I could have followed the vast majority of businesses at the time and closed my doors or joined some of my neighboring businesses in their grievance lawsuit against the city. I did not. Instead, I listened to the needs of the community and my employees. Everyone kept their jobs and our doors stayed open. That is leadership and that is what is sorely needed on the Seattle City Council. 
I am driven by bringing the best ideas to light and to life. I am the only 
candidate in the District 1 race who has developed ideas into plans that actually work. Not only that, I have used those plans to create entities that have operated successfully for long stretches of time. I 
lead with the values of candor, curiosity, and generosity. My candidacy 
is about the future, about the Seattle we can build together with creativity, courage, discipline, and hard work. I would be honored to earn your vote.
 Stephen Brown 
 (206) 898-2406 
 info@votestephenbrown.com  www.votestephenbrown.com 


 
Education: BA International Aﬀ  airs, University of Georgia, 
AA Pol-Science, Gainesville College, WA State Elections Administrator 
Certiﬁ  cate
Occupation: Outreach Specialist, Washington Oﬃ   ce of the Secretary 
of StateStatement: Lucy leads a successful statewide Voter Education and 
Outreach program focused in underserved communities. Her lived experiences include: small business owner, property owner, and landlord. Her true passion is public service.
Education : Seattle must continue to invest in the education of our 
children. The future of our nation lies in the education they receive 
today. She will prioritize civics education. Also, mental health therapy should be normalized to remove ableism and stigma.
Aﬀ  ordable housing : Census reports indicate Seattle’s population is 
still growing. Seattle continues to face this crisis and Lucy is ready 
to engage with stakeholders to strategically seek and use allocated resources and streamline city services. 
Homelessness : Seattle is getting federal funding and Lucy is ready to 
support viable programs to address root causes for homelessness in 
our diverse communities. Seattle must spend responsibly and invest in self-sustainable programs. She is ready to partner-up to build an eﬀ  ective  revitalization downtown program for Pioneer Square and 
beyond.
Transportation : Lucy supports development without displacement
, longer 
tunnels please! Elevated concrete bridges continue to fail: WS bridge, 
99 Alaskan Way viaduct (1950-2013), and recently NB-HWY 99. She wants to avoid another “ Seattle Monorail Failure”! Sound Transit came 
to a halt with the main corridor. Stakeholders in CID, Ballard, and WS have not bought-in, but ST is pushing hard to start building the WS extension.
The ST measure passed in 2016 with 57% in King and 51% in 
Snohomish, but failed in Pierce County. The property taxes and car tab 
increases hurt our most vulnerable communities. Stop displacements 
and save green spaces! It’s time to place this measure back on the 2024 
ballot. Voters must decide to keep this going for 13+ years or seek a leaner project. Visit her website for more information. Please vote for Lucy as your councilwoman, District 1!
 Lucy Barefoot 
 (206) 809-0320 
 electlucy.seattlecitycouncil1@gmail.com


 
City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 1
Education: UC Law San Francisco, J.D.; University of Washington, B.A. 
Political Science
Occupation: Attorney, Former Appointed Member of Seattle Police 
Chief Search CommitteeStatement: I am running to serve the people of District 1 with their 
best interests in mind ﬁ  rst. We need an accountable, responsive 
government willing to center equity, progressive values, and common sense.
My name is Rob Saka and I’d be honored  to serve you. I am a public 
school dad of three, attorney, public safety advocate, and Air Force Veteran. I am the proud son of a Nigerian immigrant and former 
warehouse worker who rescued me from foster care and raised me as 
a single father. 
I believe in safe communities and better policing. Everyone has a right 
to feel safe in their neighborhood, free of crime or unequal justice. We must enact Both eﬀ  ective prevention strategies And appropriate 
response capabilities to meet the realities of today’s public safety challenges.
While growing up, I lived in public and low-income housing. These 
experiences taught me that everyone deserves safe, quality aﬀ  ordable 
housing in a thriving community. A severe lack of housing for people 
at all income levels means that those at the bottom are suﬀ  ering the most. We must build more aﬀ  ordable housing, particularly low-income housing and workforce housing for middle income residents.
As a former foster kid, I know what it’s like to be completely uprooted 
and swept away. We must do better for our unhoused neighbors. Sadly, the homelessness crisis in our city has devolved into a total humanitarian catastrophe. It is our moral imperative to take urgent action and ﬁ  nd people housing and treatment now.
At City Hall, I want to normalize collaborating across diﬀ  erences, 
ﬁ  nding common ground, and getting bold things accomplished that work for everyone. I know there is a better way forward for Seattle, and I couldn’t be more energized at the opportunity we have to do it together!
 Rob Saka     
 info@voterobsaka.com 
 www.voterobsaka.com 



Education: BA in Political Science University of Cincinnati; MA in 
Sociology (Criminology focus) Cleveland State University
Occupation: Jean Iannelli Craciun Research; Founder Diversity Center 
of Washington; SociologistStatement: I am grateful for the opportunity to serve our District 1 
community (West Seattle, SouthPark, Highland Park, Georgetown, Soho, Delridge, Pioneer Square). 
I grew up the youngest of ﬁ  ve children in Cleveland, Ohio above my 
family’s funeral home. It was there that my elders modeled loving kindness to people in crisis. This was formative in my development as a compassionate person and sociologist. 
I moved to Seattle from Alaska in 2006, continuing to conduct 
research globally, nationally and locally in Washington. In 2018, I founded The Diversity Center of Seattle Washington, working to 
advance diversity, equity and inclusion by driving authentic innovation 
for change in our workplaces and communities. I am a strong West Seattle community member and determined advocate for the rich multi-cultural communities here. 
I am the only candidate in D1 with the knowledge and experience 
of a 30-year researcher, small businessowner, entrepreneur, public school parent, and renter with a lifelong commitment to community engagement. I am a feminist, a proud member of the LGBTQIA2s+ community, breast cancer survivor, and loving Italian Mama to 8 children in our blended family. 
We need all of us participating to solve the complex problems we face 
in our post-pandemic society, including: public safety concerns in our neighborhoods; income inequality; greater aﬀ  ordability in housing; business growth and development; parental leave and addressing the childcare crisis; reimagining transportation corridors to support amenities and work; and equality of opportunity realized in the promise of liberty and justice for all.
As a councilmember, I will lead with unwavering commitment to 
District 1 where everyone is engaged, respected, and valued. I will listen and act on your behalf and we will, together, get things moving toward a safer, more vibrant Seattle. Thank you for your thoughtful consideration and the honor of your vote.
 
 Jean Iannelli Craciun 
 (206) 708-4500 
 info@jeanforseattlecitycouncil.com  www.jeanforseattlecitycouncil.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 1
Education: B.A. in English & Women Studies; post-grad certiﬁ  cate in 
User-Centered Design, UW
Occupation: Senior Leader in Tech and Mom
Statement: At some point, we all have the choice to put others ﬁ  rst. 
In 2020, Amazon put warehouse workers in unsafe conditions and was failing to act on climate change. As a dedicated employee and mom, I wanted Amazon to do better, and I wanted to show my kids the importance of doing what’s right. I put my career on the line and led thousands of my coworkers to take an unprecedented stand. I 
outlined a plan to win, did the work, and delivered results. Our actions 
led to Amazon’s Climate Pledge, Bezos’s $10 billion Earth Fund, and increased worker safety. 
Now I want to help District 1 and Seattle rise to the challenges of our 
times. We must make rapid, meaningful progress on public safety, homelessness, aﬀ  ordable housing, and climate change. There are more unsheltered people on our streets than ever. Immediately, we need to increase stable permanent housing and coordinate with regional partners to ensure that those experiencing homelessness have paths to necessary resources. 
We need to feel safe in our neighborhoods and parks. We can have 
police and alternative responses; lead with compassion and refuse 
to tolerate harmful behavior; and tackle poverty, mental illness, and 
addiction so that crime decreases. I will be a strong advocate for bringing response times down, while ending racial bias and excessive force.
Climate change is here and our city isn’t ready. With new federal 
funding, I will help lead our city to reduce emissions and protect residents from heatwaves, smoke, and ﬂ  ooding. 
My vision for Seattle is to establish holistic public safety, end 
homelessness, and lead the world into the new green economy. Together we can build a safe, equitable, sustainable city for all. I hope to earn your vote. 
Endorsements: MLK Labor Council, Councilmember Mosqueda, UFCW 
3000, Pizzeria Credo, and more!
 Maren Costa         
 marenforseattle.org 


 
Education: Master of Social Work, BS (Sociology)– UW; Master of 
Public Administration– The Evergreen State College
Occupation: Clinical Social Worker, VA; former caseworker Downtown 
Emergency Services CenterStatement: As the only
 candidate who has worked in behavioral health 
and housing programs in our city, I have the experience to reverse the 
epidemic of overdose deaths and house the homeless. My candidacy 
represents an opportunity to get Seattle back on track, making it a safe and thriving city for all. 
Throughout my life I have deliberately chosen to work in the helping 
profession—ﬁ  rst as a combat medic in the US Army, and for the last decade as a clinical social worker helping our most vulnerable and building programs that address mental health, addiction, and homelessness. 
We will create a dynamic and robust response to help people in crisis 
with clinicians trained to provide critical behavioral health support. 
With an adequately staﬀ  ed police department and a team of clinicians 
providing crisis interventions, we can eliminate the concentration of criminal activity in parts of the city where it has become problematic. 
I will champion aﬀ  ordable housing solutions that keep working 
families in our city, improving the quality of life for all. I’ll be a voice for 
local businesses, improving our economic recovery. I’ll address West 
Seattle’s mobility needs with roadway investments, pedestrian safety, and clean transit alternatives. As an active Seattle Public Schools volunteer, I’m passionate about the health and future for our kids– from gun violence prevention to immediate climate action.
The standard to help others had been shaped by the example of 
my grandmother who demonstrated the virtue of selﬂ  essness and humility during her lifetime as she cared for many people in profound 
need and left the world a better place because of her courage. I intend 
to lead with that same courage.
I’m a proud union member endorsed by transit operators, building 
trade workers, health care workers, and more. I’d be honored to earn your vote.
 Preston Anderson 
 (206) 671-8218 
 info@prestonforseattle.com  prestonforseattle.com/
 
 
 
 City of Seattle
Council District No. 1
Education: BA in Physics and Science, Technology and Society, Vassar 
College; JD Cardozo School of Law
Occupation: Administrative Law Judge, Washington Oﬃ   ce of 
Administrative HearingsStatement: My name is Phil Tavel. I’m running for one simple reason: 
Seattle City Council is failing to deliver on its basic promises.
The last few years have been discouraging. City Council has spent 
countless millions on our homelessness crisis. Despite that, hundreds of our unhoused neighbors have died, and our parks and public spaces have deteriorated. Meanwhile, City Council has failed to even deliver a contract to fully fund basic police services. It’s unacceptable. 
Everyone deserves to feel safe and comfortable in their neighborhood. 
Like you, I want a Seattle that keeps its promises. That should start with the City Council.
I’ll bring unmatched experience on these issues to the Council. My 
service includes being an Administrative Law Judge, Public Defender and community leader. Every day in my hearings I learn about our neighbors’ struggles. From property crime to gun violence to aﬀ  ordability issues, I understand our toughest community challenges. In my volunteer work, I try to solve those challenges by bringing people together to ﬁ  nd common ground and by focusing on 
measurable progress. I successfully organized thousands of neighbors to push for results on the West Seattle Bridge. On City Council, I’ll work 
just as hard for you.
We all know what matters. Seattle should be safe, clean, and 
prosperous. We should invest in both unarmed crisis responders and police staﬃ   ng. We should support emergency shelters and safe lots, while restoring our parks and public spaces. We should stop making Seattle a tough place to open a business, or even get permits. We need leaders who get it.
I want to restore pride in Seattle. It will take a City Council that works 
hard and focuses on what works and what matters most. It’s time for public service, not politics. I’m Phil Tavel, and I ask for your vote.
 Phil Tavel 
 (206) 949-8680 
 tavelforseattle@gmail.com  www.TavelforSeattle.com 



Education: University of Washington BA in English
Occupation: Longshoreman/Dockworker
Statement: My name is Mia Jacobson. I am 35 years old, a third 
generation West Seattleite, a third generation union longshoreman, and a single mother of three. I was born in the house that I’m raising kids in, which means I’ve watched District 1 change over my lifetime and I am invested in its future. This is my community. This is my children’s community. I want this community to sustain in these radically changing times. 
I spent nearly 5 years attempting to enter into the local legislative 
process as a private citizen and found it systematically impossible to do so. This led me to recognize the inadequacy of our current process when trying to best address our issues. My experience growing up in a union family has shown me the impact that a culture of solidarity, democracy, and community organization can have when negotiating relationships of power and creating policy that eﬀ  ectively serves the collective.
My campaign is rooted in systemic change so that we can better 
address the problems we face in our community. If elected, I will work to improve citizen access to the legislative process, to introduce transparency and accountability within our system of local governance, and to celebrate community organization and empowerment. 
I believe that we have outgrown the system of representation as 
we collectively step into a new era of being human. Our current 
technological advancement has created a fundamentally diﬀ  erent kind 
of citizen. We now have access to the information needed to become a valuable contributor to the conversation which creates legislation. We can coordinate within large numbers in a digital space to discuss our local policies 24 hours a day. It is time to shift our focus from the powers that be - to the powers that we have become.
 
 Mia Jacobson 
 (206) 794-7098 
mia@celebrated1.com www.celebrated1.com