Port of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Commissioner Position No. 5
Education: MSc. Fisheries Biology, University of Washington. B.S. 
Psychology, University of Michigan.
Occupation: Seattle Port Commissioner 2016 – present [Past 
President]; Environmental Consultant.Statement: It has been a great honor to serve King County residents 
the past 7.5 years on the Seattle Port Commission. I’m running for a third term to continue my environmental leadership advancing a just and inclusive transition to a clean energy economy that generates living wage careers. 
My service is guided by a triple bottom line: commerce, community, 
and climate. I’m committed to expanding environmental and economic justice, especially for near-port communities, small and minority owned businesses.  My experience is needed to exercise public policy direction over a growing airport, homeport for cruise 
ships and ﬁ  shing ﬂ  eet, marinas, parks, and marine cargo Alliance with 
the Port of Tacoma.
The Port generates 121,000 jobs which is key to ongoing COVID 
recovery eﬀ  orts.  The airport and seaport have won awards for customer service even while undergoing major construction. Port activities also impact communities and the climate.  That’s why I’m leading initiatives to electrify airport and seaport operations and use of alternative fuels for trucks, ships, and planes.  I’m also committed to ensuring the protection and restoration of parks, bicycle safety and cleanup of the Duwamish River.
During my next term I’ll continue reducing the Port’s carbon 
footprint with unprecedented state and federal funding for clean energy projects; inspire youth to pursue Port-related jobs by promoting innovation, apprenticeships, and internships; and expand 
partnerships with Tribes and the Seattle Aquarium for projects on kelp 
to killer whales and ecotourism.
With your support, I’ll continue to champion Port policies rooted in 
ﬁ  scal responsibility, ecological integrity, and social equity. I respectfully 
ask for your vote.
Endorsed by: Attorney General Ferguson, Lands Commissioner 
Franz, Seattle Mayor Harrell, County Executive Constantine, County Councilmembers Balducci, Dembowski, Kohl-Welles, McDermott, Upthegrove and Zahilay, City Councilmember Mosqueda, Washington Conservation Action, King County Democrats, Labor Unions, and Business Leaders.
 
 Fred Felleman 
   FredforPort@gmail.com 
 FredforPort.com 



Education: MBA, City University of Seattle; BA Marketing, Boise State 
University; UW Paciﬁ  c Coast Banking School
Occupation: Mega Paciﬁ  c Holding, Managing Director; former CEO of 
two banksStatement: The Port of Seattle is embroiled in a management crisis. 
A billion-dollar terminal unsuitable for some of the large jets, $800 million in cost overruns, and a half-million loss to an internet scam. A staggering $83 million of new tax levy. Persistent environmental 
lawsuits hurting low-income communities and people of color in South 
King County. Time to set a new course.
We have a shared goal: A thriving economy, a cleaner environment, 
increased family wage jobs, and a fair and equitable society. To attain 
this, we must stop the path of mismanagement.
With my extensive career in banking and ﬁ  nance, I am ready to steer 
the Port in the right direction. As an immigrant who arrived with $300, I’ve worked my way up from the mailroom to the boardroom, founded two community banks, and provided hundreds of millions in small business loans and created thousands of jobs. I am a staunch promoter of ﬁ  scal responsibilities and know how to leverage them to create business opportunities for Washington State. I’ve served as a volunteered mentor MBA students at Seattle University, active in Rotary for 38 years, and Past President of the Greater Seattle Chinese Chamber of Commerce.
If elected, I will immediately put sound management practices 
into place to pull the Port back onto ﬁ  rm ﬁ  nancial ground with transparency.  This will enable us to focus on our dual mission: 
Generating family-wage jobs and safeguarding our environment.  Vote for 
a stronger, cleaner, and trusted Seattle Port.
Endorsed: ATU Local 587, former WA State Governor Gary Locke, King County Assessor John Wilson, Bellevue Mayor Lynne Robinson, Sen. Claire Wilson, Rep. Jamila Taylor, Renton City Councilmembers, Ruth Perez-Ralston and James Alberson, former King and Seattle Councilmember Jan Drago, former Seattle Councilmember David Della, Hong Kong Business Association of Washington. Thank you for your support.
 Jesse Tam 
 (206) 948-9902 
 electjessetam@gmail.com  www.electjessetam.com Port of Seattle



Commissioner Position No. 5
Education: BSE Princeton; MS Engineering Texas; SM Management, 
SM Policy MIT; PhD Risk Assessment Union Institute
Occupation: Risk assessment consultant, aviation safety engineer, 
business ownerStatement: I’ve spent my 30-year career designing safety systems 
as an aerospace engineer, and using data to improve aviation policies and consumer conﬁ  dence. I’m running for Port of Seattle Commissioner because I want to use these skills to take the Port into the future: serving the traveling public with safety and transparency; protecting and creating jobs in marine trade and transport, and addressing the climate crisis through data and innovation. 
Breaking barriers and leading by example is a hallmark of my 
service—as an Air Force ﬂ  ight test engineer, opening doors as a Boeing engineer and union member, and working nationally to educate the public and policymakers on airline safety. I want to continue this work to bring more diversity and ideas into the Port—and its partners—through internships and apprenticeships, pipelines through our high schools and colleges to engage the workforce of tomorrow.   
Sea-Tac Airport is reaching capacity and no new airport will be built 
anytime soon– protecting rural lands, but forcing the Port to manage increasing ﬂ  ights, crowds, and security issues at our existing facility. My experience will be critical in addressing these challenges.
The Port must be a better neighbor to the communities it serves, 
and steward of our environment—meeting carbon reduction goals, 
accelerating adoption of clean fuels and renewable energy, and better 
integrating with the regional transportation network to move freight, people, and commerce.
I grew up with a father who fought in a segregated WWII Marine 
unit, and a Honduran mother who spoke Spanish in our home. As Port Commissioner I  will respect the values of fairness, equity, and opportunity that united our home—and our region. I’ll treat workers and communities with respect, and ensure the Port is a leader in our dynamic economy and global ambitions. I’d appreciate your vote.  
 
 Todd Curtis 
 (206) 635-8302 
 CurtisForPort@gmail.com  Curtis4Port.com