City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 1
Education: MBA, Stanford University, BA in History, McGill University
Occupation: President and founder of Eltana Bagels
Statement: I am running for Seattle City Council to approach Seattle’s 
challenges with vision and pragmatism. And we desperately need both! I will bring that combination of talents to incentivize the development of more aﬀ  ordable homes to move our unhoused residents oﬀ   the streets and into services. We also need a renewed push to develop middle-income housing so that nurses, teachers, mechanics and those on ﬁ  xed incomes can continue to call Seattle their home. Let’s further restrict access to guns and promote safety in every neighborhood. I will support our small businesses and help revitalize Downtown.
I have the ideas, skills and leadership experience to move our city 
forward.  
I began to consider running for council a few years ago when I decided 
to keep Eltana Bagels open and un-boarded during the height of the George Floyd protests and ensuing CHOP occupancy. I could have followed the vast majority of businesses at the time and closed my doors or joined some of my neighboring businesses in their grievance lawsuit against the city. I did not. Instead, I listened to the needs of the community and my employees. Everyone kept their jobs and our doors stayed open. That is leadership and that is what is sorely needed on the Seattle City Council. 
I am driven by bringing the best ideas to light and to life. I am the only 
candidate in the District 1 race who has developed ideas into plans that actually work. Not only that, I have used those plans to create entities that have operated successfully for long stretches of time. I 
lead with the values of candor, curiosity, and generosity. My candidacy 
is about the future, about the Seattle we can build together with creativity, courage, discipline, and hard work. I would be honored to earn your vote.
 Stephen Brown 
 (206) 898-2406 
 info@votestephenbrown.com  www.votestephenbrown.com 


 
Education: BA International Aﬀ  airs, University of Georgia, 
AA Pol-Science, Gainesville College, WA State Elections Administrator 
Certiﬁ  cate
Occupation: Outreach Specialist, Washington Oﬃ   ce of the Secretary 
of StateStatement: Lucy leads a successful statewide Voter Education and 
Outreach program focused in underserved communities. Her lived experiences include: small business owner, property owner, and landlord. Her true passion is public service.
Education : Seattle must continue to invest in the education of our 
children. The future of our nation lies in the education they receive 
today. She will prioritize civics education. Also, mental health therapy should be normalized to remove ableism and stigma.
Aﬀ  ordable housing : Census reports indicate Seattle’s population is 
still growing. Seattle continues to face this crisis and Lucy is ready 
to engage with stakeholders to strategically seek and use allocated resources and streamline city services. 
Homelessness : Seattle is getting federal funding and Lucy is ready to 
support viable programs to address root causes for homelessness in 
our diverse communities. Seattle must spend responsibly and invest in self-sustainable programs. She is ready to partner-up to build an eﬀ  ective  revitalization downtown program for Pioneer Square and 
beyond.
Transportation : Lucy supports development without displacement
, longer 
tunnels please! Elevated concrete bridges continue to fail: WS bridge, 
99 Alaskan Way viaduct (1950-2013), and recently NB-HWY 99. She wants to avoid another “ Seattle Monorail Failure”! Sound Transit came 
to a halt with the main corridor. Stakeholders in CID, Ballard, and WS have not bought-in, but ST is pushing hard to start building the WS extension.
The ST measure passed in 2016 with 57% in King and 51% in 
Snohomish, but failed in Pierce County. The property taxes and car tab 
increases hurt our most vulnerable communities. Stop displacements 
and save green spaces! It’s time to place this measure back on the 2024 
ballot. Voters must decide to keep this going for 13+ years or seek a leaner project. Visit her website for more information. Please vote for Lucy as your councilwoman, District 1!
 Lucy Barefoot 
 (206) 809-0320 
 electlucy.seattlecitycouncil1@gmail.com


 
City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 1
Education: UC Law San Francisco, J.D.; University of Washington, B.A. 
Political Science
Occupation: Attorney, Former Appointed Member of Seattle Police 
Chief Search CommitteeStatement: I am running to serve the people of District 1 with their 
best interests in mind ﬁ  rst. We need an accountable, responsive 
government willing to center equity, progressive values, and common sense.
My name is Rob Saka and I’d be honored  to serve you. I am a public 
school dad of three, attorney, public safety advocate, and Air Force Veteran. I am the proud son of a Nigerian immigrant and former 
warehouse worker who rescued me from foster care and raised me as 
a single father. 
I believe in safe communities and better policing. Everyone has a right 
to feel safe in their neighborhood, free of crime or unequal justice. We must enact Both eﬀ  ective prevention strategies And appropriate 
response capabilities to meet the realities of today’s public safety challenges.
While growing up, I lived in public and low-income housing. These 
experiences taught me that everyone deserves safe, quality aﬀ  ordable 
housing in a thriving community. A severe lack of housing for people 
at all income levels means that those at the bottom are suﬀ  ering the most. We must build more aﬀ  ordable housing, particularly low-income housing and workforce housing for middle income residents.
As a former foster kid, I know what it’s like to be completely uprooted 
and swept away. We must do better for our unhoused neighbors. Sadly, the homelessness crisis in our city has devolved into a total humanitarian catastrophe. It is our moral imperative to take urgent action and ﬁ  nd people housing and treatment now.
At City Hall, I want to normalize collaborating across diﬀ  erences, 
ﬁ  nding common ground, and getting bold things accomplished that work for everyone. I know there is a better way forward for Seattle, and I couldn’t be more energized at the opportunity we have to do it together!
 Rob Saka     
 info@voterobsaka.com 
 www.voterobsaka.com 



Education: BA in Political Science University of Cincinnati; MA in 
Sociology (Criminology focus) Cleveland State University
Occupation: Jean Iannelli Craciun Research; Founder Diversity Center 
of Washington; SociologistStatement: I am grateful for the opportunity to serve our District 1 
community (West Seattle, SouthPark, Highland Park, Georgetown, Soho, Delridge, Pioneer Square). 
I grew up the youngest of ﬁ  ve children in Cleveland, Ohio above my 
family’s funeral home. It was there that my elders modeled loving kindness to people in crisis. This was formative in my development as a compassionate person and sociologist. 
I moved to Seattle from Alaska in 2006, continuing to conduct 
research globally, nationally and locally in Washington. In 2018, I founded The Diversity Center of Seattle Washington, working to 
advance diversity, equity and inclusion by driving authentic innovation 
for change in our workplaces and communities. I am a strong West Seattle community member and determined advocate for the rich multi-cultural communities here. 
I am the only candidate in D1 with the knowledge and experience 
of a 30-year researcher, small businessowner, entrepreneur, public school parent, and renter with a lifelong commitment to community engagement. I am a feminist, a proud member of the LGBTQIA2s+ community, breast cancer survivor, and loving Italian Mama to 8 children in our blended family. 
We need all of us participating to solve the complex problems we face 
in our post-pandemic society, including: public safety concerns in our neighborhoods; income inequality; greater aﬀ  ordability in housing; business growth and development; parental leave and addressing the childcare crisis; reimagining transportation corridors to support amenities and work; and equality of opportunity realized in the promise of liberty and justice for all.
As a councilmember, I will lead with unwavering commitment to 
District 1 where everyone is engaged, respected, and valued. I will listen and act on your behalf and we will, together, get things moving toward a safer, more vibrant Seattle. Thank you for your thoughtful consideration and the honor of your vote.
 
 Jean Iannelli Craciun 
 (206) 708-4500 
 info@jeanforseattlecitycouncil.com  www.jeanforseattlecitycouncil.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 1
Education: B.A. in English & Women Studies; post-grad certiﬁ  cate in 
User-Centered Design, UW
Occupation: Senior Leader in Tech and Mom
Statement: At some point, we all have the choice to put others ﬁ  rst. 
In 2020, Amazon put warehouse workers in unsafe conditions and was failing to act on climate change. As a dedicated employee and mom, I wanted Amazon to do better, and I wanted to show my kids the importance of doing what’s right. I put my career on the line and led thousands of my coworkers to take an unprecedented stand. I 
outlined a plan to win, did the work, and delivered results. Our actions 
led to Amazon’s Climate Pledge, Bezos’s $10 billion Earth Fund, and increased worker safety. 
Now I want to help District 1 and Seattle rise to the challenges of our 
times. We must make rapid, meaningful progress on public safety, homelessness, aﬀ  ordable housing, and climate change. There are more unsheltered people on our streets than ever. Immediately, we need to increase stable permanent housing and coordinate with regional partners to ensure that those experiencing homelessness have paths to necessary resources. 
We need to feel safe in our neighborhoods and parks. We can have 
police and alternative responses; lead with compassion and refuse 
to tolerate harmful behavior; and tackle poverty, mental illness, and 
addiction so that crime decreases. I will be a strong advocate for bringing response times down, while ending racial bias and excessive force.
Climate change is here and our city isn’t ready. With new federal 
funding, I will help lead our city to reduce emissions and protect residents from heatwaves, smoke, and ﬂ  ooding. 
My vision for Seattle is to establish holistic public safety, end 
homelessness, and lead the world into the new green economy. Together we can build a safe, equitable, sustainable city for all. I hope to earn your vote. 
Endorsements: MLK Labor Council, Councilmember Mosqueda, UFCW 
3000, Pizzeria Credo, and more!
 Maren Costa         
 marenforseattle.org 


 
Education: Master of Social Work, BS (Sociology)– UW; Master of 
Public Administration– The Evergreen State College
Occupation: Clinical Social Worker, VA; former caseworker Downtown 
Emergency Services CenterStatement: As the only
 candidate who has worked in behavioral health 
and housing programs in our city, I have the experience to reverse the 
epidemic of overdose deaths and house the homeless. My candidacy 
represents an opportunity to get Seattle back on track, making it a safe and thriving city for all. 
Throughout my life I have deliberately chosen to work in the helping 
profession—ﬁ  rst as a combat medic in the US Army, and for the last decade as a clinical social worker helping our most vulnerable and building programs that address mental health, addiction, and homelessness. 
We will create a dynamic and robust response to help people in crisis 
with clinicians trained to provide critical behavioral health support. 
With an adequately staﬀ  ed police department and a team of clinicians 
providing crisis interventions, we can eliminate the concentration of criminal activity in parts of the city where it has become problematic. 
I will champion aﬀ  ordable housing solutions that keep working 
families in our city, improving the quality of life for all. I’ll be a voice for 
local businesses, improving our economic recovery. I’ll address West 
Seattle’s mobility needs with roadway investments, pedestrian safety, and clean transit alternatives. As an active Seattle Public Schools volunteer, I’m passionate about the health and future for our kids– from gun violence prevention to immediate climate action.
The standard to help others had been shaped by the example of 
my grandmother who demonstrated the virtue of selﬂ  essness and humility during her lifetime as she cared for many people in profound 
need and left the world a better place because of her courage. I intend 
to lead with that same courage.
I’m a proud union member endorsed by transit operators, building 
trade workers, health care workers, and more. I’d be honored to earn your vote.
 Preston Anderson 
 (206) 671-8218 
 info@prestonforseattle.com  prestonforseattle.com/
 
 
 
 City of Seattle
Council District No. 1
Education: BA in Physics and Science, Technology and Society, Vassar 
College; JD Cardozo School of Law
Occupation: Administrative Law Judge, Washington Oﬃ   ce of 
Administrative HearingsStatement: My name is Phil Tavel. I’m running for one simple reason: 
Seattle City Council is failing to deliver on its basic promises.
The last few years have been discouraging. City Council has spent 
countless millions on our homelessness crisis. Despite that, hundreds of our unhoused neighbors have died, and our parks and public spaces have deteriorated. Meanwhile, City Council has failed to even deliver a contract to fully fund basic police services. It’s unacceptable. 
Everyone deserves to feel safe and comfortable in their neighborhood. 
Like you, I want a Seattle that keeps its promises. That should start with the City Council.
I’ll bring unmatched experience on these issues to the Council. My 
service includes being an Administrative Law Judge, Public Defender and community leader. Every day in my hearings I learn about our neighbors’ struggles. From property crime to gun violence to aﬀ  ordability issues, I understand our toughest community challenges. In my volunteer work, I try to solve those challenges by bringing people together to ﬁ  nd common ground and by focusing on 
measurable progress. I successfully organized thousands of neighbors to push for results on the West Seattle Bridge. On City Council, I’ll work 
just as hard for you.
We all know what matters. Seattle should be safe, clean, and 
prosperous. We should invest in both unarmed crisis responders and police staﬃ   ng. We should support emergency shelters and safe lots, while restoring our parks and public spaces. We should stop making Seattle a tough place to open a business, or even get permits. We need leaders who get it.
I want to restore pride in Seattle. It will take a City Council that works 
hard and focuses on what works and what matters most. It’s time for public service, not politics. I’m Phil Tavel, and I ask for your vote.
 Phil Tavel 
 (206) 949-8680 
 tavelforseattle@gmail.com  www.TavelforSeattle.com 



Education: University of Washington BA in English
Occupation: Longshoreman/Dockworker
Statement: My name is Mia Jacobson. I am 35 years old, a third 
generation West Seattleite, a third generation union longshoreman, and a single mother of three. I was born in the house that I’m raising kids in, which means I’ve watched District 1 change over my lifetime and I am invested in its future. This is my community. This is my children’s community. I want this community to sustain in these radically changing times. 
I spent nearly 5 years attempting to enter into the local legislative 
process as a private citizen and found it systematically impossible to do so. This led me to recognize the inadequacy of our current process when trying to best address our issues. My experience growing up in a union family has shown me the impact that a culture of solidarity, democracy, and community organization can have when negotiating relationships of power and creating policy that eﬀ  ectively serves the collective.
My campaign is rooted in systemic change so that we can better 
address the problems we face in our community. If elected, I will work to improve citizen access to the legislative process, to introduce transparency and accountability within our system of local governance, and to celebrate community organization and empowerment. 
I believe that we have outgrown the system of representation as 
we collectively step into a new era of being human. Our current 
technological advancement has created a fundamentally diﬀ  erent kind 
of citizen. We now have access to the information needed to become a valuable contributor to the conversation which creates legislation. We can coordinate within large numbers in a digital space to discuss our local policies 24 hours a day. It is time to shift our focus from the powers that be - to the powers that we have become.
 
 Mia Jacobson 
 (206) 794-7098 
mia@celebrated1.com www.celebrated1.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 2
Education: University of Washington, Bachelors of Arts in 
Communication
Occupation: Business Owner, Community Advocate
Statement: I grew up in Beacon Hill, work at my family business in 
the Chinatown International District and now live in Rainier Beach. I’ve seen how South Seattle has changed, I’ve seen what happens to neighborhoods that don’t have a voice and are expected to live with bad city policies. I want to change that.
As a community advocate, I’ve fought against continued discrimination 
from the city towards the CID, recently named one of the most endangered neighborhoods in America. I learned that ﬁ  ghting for our voice when the city imposes their will without listening to our 
community, is a ﬁ  ght we can win. I want to bring that same passion to 
ﬁ  ght for all of South Seattle.
I know how to achieve better public safety. Every week, I practice what 
alternative policing looks like with my community watch group that prevents violence while working with ﬁ  rst responders when needed, and provides mutual aid to the unhoused in the CID. 
I know how to create more aﬀ  ordable housing. My family renovated 
the historic Louisa Hotel into workforce housing which only charges residents a percentage of their income so nobody is charged rent 
they cannot aﬀ  ord. This model can be used to ﬁ  ght displacement and 
gentriﬁ  cation across South Seattle.
We need to move past elected leaders telling us what they’re going to 
do, but never showing up to hear what people really want. We need leaders that listen to the community even when it’s not politically convenient, and do the hard work it takes to run Seattle. Together we can uplift South Seattle to be the place we know it can be.  I promise to show up, work hard and help make Seattle better, together. 
Endorsed by Representative Sharon Tomiko-Santos, Seattle Port 
Commissioners Sam Cho and Toshiko Hasegawa, and more.
 
 Tanya Woo 
 (206) 657-6679 
 info@votetanyawoo.com  www.votetanyawoo.com 



Education: Master of Science, Community and Regional Planning, UT 
Austin; BA, Anthropology, UT San Antonio
Occupation: Current Seattle City Councilmember, former Rainier 
Beach Action Coalition organizerStatement: It’s been an honor to serve as your Councilmember, and 
I’m running again so that, together, we can continue building a future that includes all of us. I’ve got the experience to organize community-centered approaches and I secure the investments to match. We deliver on our values rather than simply profess them.
My oﬃ   ce has a proven track record of progressive action. We 
committed to investing in historically under-funded schools, so we funded mental health in Southend schools. We said we’d prevent displacement, so we won tenant protections, monumental worker protections like paid sick leave for gig workers, and secured rent control for our small businesses. I secured permanent funding for community-driven development, and for the Green New Deal. All this 
and more in diﬃ   cult times.
Let’s advance these wins even further. I envision housing abundance 
and vibrant small businesses within reach of all generations who 
stay rooted in their community. Children with full stomachs and single mothers with full wallets. Community networks preventing violence rather than just reacting to it. We’ve only just begun building 
alternatives to punishment and incarceration—especially for our Black 
and brown neighbors who suﬀ  er from the paradox of over-policing and under-policing.
Let’s deepen our investments in care and shared prosperity. We all 
deserve to feel safe in our neighborhoods. As a mom with 2 kids in Seattle Public Schools, it’s important to me that all our children are safe whether they’re walking to school or enjoying the park. We’ve only begun that work by investing in the resources District 2 needs to improve our community health, joy, and safety.
Thank you for getting me here; I hope to continue serving D2’s vibrant 
communities.
Proudly endorsed by MLK Labor, 37th LD Dems, Progreso Latino, 
Working Families Party, Rep. Jayapal, Sen. Saldaña, and dozens of others.
 Tammy J. Morales 
 (206) 588-6262 
 info@votefortammy.com  votefortammy.com 
 
 
 
 City of Seattle
Council District No. 2
Education: University of Kentucky - Information Science
Occupation: Co-Chair of the Green Party of the United States
Statement: My name is Margaret Elisabeth and I’m running for Seattle 
City Council in District 2.
I ﬁ  rst visited Seattle during June of 1999 and fell in love with the city. 
I vividly remember sitting in a coﬀ  ee shop in Kirkland looking South towards Mt. Rainier – the sky an impossible blue where you can see for miles and Mt. Rainier took my breath away. I moved to Seattle in 2012, into the Belltown neighborhood, where I lived for 5 years. In 2017 I moved to Rainier Beach where I’ve lived ever since. 
We have a lot of serious issues facing us as citizens of Seattle and I’d 
like to mention three things we need to directly address: Universal 
Citywide Single Payer Healthcare, The Right to Shelter and a Real Living Wage.
Healthcare is a right and we need to enact legislation to make this 
right a reality. Following the models of Healthy San Francisco and NYC Health+Hospitals, the City of Seattle should establish a universal healthcare access program to ensure all residents receive free, at point of service, healthcare without relying on employer-sponsored plans or private insurance.
The City of Seattle should establish rent control and renter’s rights, 
end exclusive single-family zoning, ban new AirBNB developments, establish high-density, mixed incoming housing near transit centers, and the City should expand cooperative housing, expand social housing and make it easier to enter and sustain home-ownership for Seattle residents.
The City of Seattle should adopt a $25/hr true living wage which is 
automatically adjusted based on the cost of healthcare, housing, food, transportation and inﬂ  ation. I’m running for Seattle City Council in District 2 because I believe we can change our city if we take bold action now. Vote for me in District 2 for an Evergreen future.
 Margaret Elisabeth 
 (540) 227-6168 
 MargaretforSeattle@gmail.com  www.MargaretForSeattle.com 



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 3
Education: Bachelors in Philosophy, UNLV; Juris Doctorate, Seattle 
University School of Law (magna cum laude)
Occupation: Public Defender, Pierce County Department of Assigned 
CounselStatement: I want to live in a Seattle where the government is 
accountable to the community, especially when it comes to keeping 
the community accountable.  Over the last few years, particularly since 
the CHOP, I have been frustrated by our city government’s abdication of their responsibilities.  Seattle has been increasingly covered in 
graﬃ   ti and inundated by property crime while a toxic compassion has 
taught us to walk past and otherwise ignore our neighbors’ suﬀ  ering as they kill themselves with fentanyl and other drugs.   We can do 
better.
For the last 12 years I’ve worked as a public defender, representing 
some of the poorest and most marginalized among us. Many of my clients were chronically homeless, suﬀ  ering from substance use disorders as well as co-occurring mental illnesses. I know it’s possible to treat people with respect while still expecting responsibility.
My experience with mental illness isn’t just professional, but also 
personal.  In 2015, I was confronted with a diﬃ   cult diagnosis at 30 years old.  It shattered my identity, and the stigma inspired suicidal thoughts. Fortunately, I found a supportive community and the right combination of medications, and I’ve been stable now for six years.  I’m sharing this for two reasons: to confront the stigma, but also, because I recognize we need to be accountable for our own mental health. 
If elected I will work to reconcile the trust gap between the community and SPD.  We need more oﬃ   cers out of cars and patrolling streets on 
foot and by bike. I will provide housing subsidies to both help attract new oﬃ   cers and make sure more of our oﬃ   cers are patrolling the streets of the communities they live in . We will prioritize community 
safety, not just oﬃ   cer safety.
I promise to stay accountable and accessible, and to prioritize ideas 
that are practical and actionable.
 Bobby Goodwin 
 (803) 868-3443 
 campaign@goodwinforseattle.com  goodwinforseattle.com 



Education: CWU Bachelor of Arts in Elementary Education and Early 
Childhood Development
Occupation: Seattle Public Schools Substitute Teacher, 37th 
Democrats 1st Vice ChairStatement: Our city is at a turning point. We haven’t had leadership 
that listens. We aren’t able to trust that our elected oﬃ   cials will do a good job. We’ve been hindered by political games, inﬂ  exibility, indecisiveness, and special interest money. We can’t aﬀ  ord more of the same.
I decided to run the day my son was born. I need him to grow up 
in a place where leaders behave like leaders and respond to their neighbors when they are called upon. In my role as a husband, father, business owner, care provider, activist, and substitute teacher I’ve 
learned that the most important piece of our lives is how we can be of 
service to our community.
I would like to serve because we need one million square feet of 
“home” for our homeless neighbors within the next three years. Allowing for temporary sanctioned encampments for those unready to come inside, ending the practice of sweeps, and adding wrap-
around services will allow people build self-suﬃ   cient lives of meaning. 
Additionally, we’re going to reinstate the free ride zone so that Seattle becomes a leader on public transit opportunities for people nationwide.
Immediately, we need to leave the war on drugs behind and invest in 
education, support services, and job training. I will work to create a jobs pipeline into new public safety models for formerly incarcerated persons so that those with lived experience can be the next case workers, crisis responders, and more.
My campaign is being run exactly how I’ll run my oﬃ   ce; with hard 
work, direct conversations, and building solutions. I’m the only 
candidate funding their campaign entirely using Democracy Vouchers, 
because money and politics don’t mix.
Endorsements: Former City Councilmember Nick Licata, Former US 
Attorney John McKay, Earl’s Cuts & Styles, Catﬁ  sh Corner, A for Apple Learning Center, and more!
 Alex Cooley     
 info@CooleyForCouncil.com 
 www.CooleyForCouncil.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 3
Education: BE, Computer Science, Delhi University, India 1995; MBA, 
Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, India 1997
Occupation: Ex- Senior Program Manager, Microsoft, PMP; Actor; 
CashierStatement: 
I am a ﬁ  rst-generation gay immigrant from India and have 
lived in Seattle since 2002. From working as a program manager at 
Microsoft to pursuing the dream as an actor to working retail, I have experienced the struggles of work at every level. I am also a member of the SAG-AFTRA union.
I have served on my condo HOA board for ﬁ  ve years. This role has 
enabled me to listen to my constituents, be empathetic to their problems and focus on ﬁ  nding and implementing solutions.   
I get the job done!
My platform prioritizes advancing green infrastructure across the city. 
This includes expanding Sound Transit with last mile loop buses. I will also work with Seattle City Light to expand electric infrastructure. This will enable the expansion of electric cars throughout the city. The green energy industry should provide opportunities for local businesses, and I especially want to support businesses owned by women, people of color and sexual minorities.
I want to make housing more aﬀ  ordable by de-zoning, leveraging 
I-135 and reducing competition from non-resident investors. I believe in compassionate solutions for homelessness. I believe in enhancing public safety by hiring local Seattleites for our police and ﬁ  re departments while ensuring equal opportunity for all historically excluded communities.
I support reproductive rights, LGBTQIA rights, and worker rights 
to organize. I want to streamline the process and resolve local constituent concerns like potholes and damaged pavements in a timely manner. I am in this race because I want to build a more prosperous and equitable Seattle.
 Shobhit Agarwal 
 (206) 851-5766 
 shobhit_agarwal@yahoo.com  www.voteforshobhit.com 



Education: Bachelor of Fine Arts in Theatre, Central Washington 
University; Master’s Degree, International Relations, American 
University
Occupation: Customer Success Partner, TheGuarantors; Artist & 
Producer with RYCO TheatricalsStatement: I am running to be the ﬁ  rst non-binary Councilmember 
on the Seattle City Council to represent our historic Arts District, the diverse LGBTQ+ community, and all constituents in District 3. Our campaign is building momentum to keep Seattle as progressive as we can with a focus on shelter, safety, and sustainability .
Together, we will establish a universal “right-to-shelter,” pass robust renter protections and rent control, work to reform our strained 
policing system (in partnership with the BIPOC community) in building 
speciﬁ  c alternatives to those more traditional response models, and create America’s ﬁ  rst carbon free city by 2030. I believe that we get more done for the city and its residents when we put aside divisive rhetoric and work together toward a common goal. Inspired by the 
work of Senator Sanders, I identify as a pragmatic Democratic Socialist 
and believe that I’m the most progressive candidate running for this seat. Furthermore, as a lifetime Sierra Club member and activist with Extinction Rebellion, Seattle will never see a stronger advocate for protecting our environment and battling the impacts of climate change. 
As a third-generation union worker and member of two locals, I am 
deeply committed to go beyond business-as-usual and ﬁ  ght as a warrior for the labor movement and the working people of Seattle. We can do more to lift up wages and worker protections while also 
focusing on economic recovery. These are the values I will bring to the 
Council when elected. 
Our campaign is proudly endorsed by the King County Young 
Democrats, the Seattle Green Party, and the Green Party of Washington. I’m honored that our race has the backing of these groups and so many others. It would be a great privilege to earn your vote and support throughout our people-oriented campaign to create actionable change in our community. 
 Ry Armstrong 
 (206) 657-6287 
 hello@vote4ry.com  www.vote4ry.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 3
Education: Bsc Microbiology Igbinedion University Nigeria
Occupation: HIV Clinical Program Manager HealthPoint CHC
Statement: I am a pragmatic uniter who believes in standing up 
for what’s right, with empathy and accountability. I believe in building together through community-centric relationships; my lived experiences continue to inform me on how this translates into 
meaningful policy. As one formerly unhoused and who lives and works 
alongside those who face the same struggles - especially when it comes to housing aﬀ  ordability, availability, and accessibility. I will use this oﬃ   ce to fund the mandate for social housing by Seattle voters.
As a Black man from a Nigerian immigrant background,  community 
safety means that we all must feel safe, including that we must ﬁ  nd alternatives to policing that are evidence-based and rooted in community responsibility and resilience. We cannot keep doing the same old things and hoping for diﬀ  erent outcomes; this is not only ﬁ  scally irresponsible, it is morally harmful. Seattle can and must do better.
I am HIV-positive, and I have been ﬁ  ghting for digniﬁ  ed healthcare 
and health equity as a professional and an activist.. I am an LGBTQ+ individual who is active in LGBTQ+ rights, especially for BIPOC individuals. As such I am a lifelong advocate for the safety and sense of belonging that we all inherently deserve.
I rely on public transit and walking; I know how important it is to 
expand safe and accessible multimodal transportation and build safe walkways and bike lanes.
I march, and I also walk the walk. I am the chair of the Washington 
State Stonewall Democrats, co-chair of the Seattle LGBTQ Commission, and Board Member for People Of Color Against AIDS Network (POCAAN) and Seattle LGBTQ+ Center. I hope to earn your vote to serve you as District 3’s next City Councilmember. 
Endorsed by Fmr. King County Councilmember Larry Gossett, 
Washington Stonewall Democrats, UW Democrats, Seattle U Democrats, , and more.
 
 Andrew Ashiofu 
 (206) 468-8559 
 info@andrewforseattle.com  www.andrewforseattle.com/ 



Education: Master of Education, University of Washington; Bachelor of 
Arts, University of Arizona
Occupation: Food Access Network, Northwest Harvest; Operations, 
Hollingsworth FarmsStatement: I am a non-proﬁ  t leader, small-business owner, and third-
generation Central District neighbor. I’m also a community connector, problem solver, and optimist. These are the perspectives I’ll bring to City Council where I will work to ensure that our local government is 
serving the needs of our community and neighbors. With your vote, I’ll 
prioritize:
Community safety rooted in upstream solutions that reduce crime, 
prevent gun violence, keep our youth safe, and connect vulnerable people to care – not jail. I will prioritize crisis response teams and non-armed responders for neighbors in crisis, adequate Fire Department, EMT and Police staﬃ   ng to keep communities safe and reduce response times. 
Aﬀ  ordable housing  for all income levels, from students and young 
families to seniors, including the expansion of emergency shelter and 
permanent supportive housing. I’ll promote density, address impacts 
of displacement and gentriﬁ  cation, and provide opportunities for ﬁ  rst-
time homebuyers and family housing options. 
Healthy communities  for current neighbors and future generations with 
thriving local businesses that anchor our neighborhoods and create 
jobs; where aﬀ  ordable childcare and wraparound services, parks, 
playﬁ  elds, libraries, roads, and open space are within reach, and there 
are safe and accessible ways to get around.  
My family of public school educators, public servants, and civil rights 
leaders have made positive change in Seattle for generations. Inspired 
by them, I’ve dedicated my life to public service and driving equitable 
policy at every level. I will be a bridge for our community to city hall 
and the 45 city departments for service. I would appreciate your vote.  
Proudly endorsed: 37th LD Democrats, UFCW 3000, LiUNA, Iron Workers, State Representative Sharon Tomiko Santos, Justice Faith Ireland (ret.), former County Councilmember Larry Gossett, Colleen Echohawk, Dr. Harriet Walden, Andrea Caupain, and 70+ community leaders, small 
business owners, and housing, youth, LGBTQIA+, climate, equity advocates. 
 
 Joy Hollingsworth 
 (206) 698-2680 
 joyforseattle@gmail.com  www.joyforseattle.com



City of Seattle
Council District No. 3
Education: BA Government/Political Science NMSU & JD Seattle 
University School of Law
Occupation: Attorney
Statement: With at least four new faces coming to Seattle City Council 
we have a unique opportunity to enact real, lasting solutions to the 
housing aﬀ  ordability, homelessness, and climate crises. I am uniquely 
qualiﬁ  ed to serve during this critical time in our city’s history. I was born during the height of Reaganomics and my family struggled 
ﬁ  nancially throughout my childhood. I would not be here today without sacriﬁ  ce, community, and the occasional second chance. My early struggles are why I’m drawn to serve in the public sector, previously as part of the uniformed services, and currently, as an attorney in Mental Health Court. 
We’re living at an inﬂ  ection point: the culmination of generations 
of deliberate disenfranchisement along racial lines exacerbating divisions in our country, and underinvestment in social services. Our task is not a simple one, we must invest in non-police responses for crisis intervention while also taking an aggressive stance on removing guns from our streets all while prioritizing rehabilitation for low level oﬀ  enders to break the cycle. 
Simultaneously, we Must greatly expand our supply of aﬀ  ordable 
housing; maximize usage of existing inventory; minimize displacement 
of vulnerable communities; and ensure accessible transit for all. To 
this end, I’m committed to leveraging our social housing developer and creating 200K homes over the next ten years–anything less and we’ll only see the aﬀ  ordability crisis worsen. 
For Seattle to be successful, we must acknowledge there’s no going 
back to “how things were before.” We must take action to build a Seattle we can all be proud to pass on to the next generation. We must decarbonize our transportation system, invest in bold capital projects to redeﬁ  ne our city and improve quality of life. I believe we have it within us to realize this vision, and be an example for other cities to follow. 
 
 Efrain Hudnell 
 (206) 593-2203 
 info@electefrain.com  electefrain.com 



Education: BA in Political Science, Minors in Sociology and Economics, 
Western Washington University - 2007
Occupation: Executive Director, Transportation Choices Coalition, First 
Hill Neighborhood Association (former)Statement: I’m a progressive urbanist with a proven record of ﬁ  nding 
common ground, solving problems, and delivering results. Alongside community, I’ve created lasting, positive changes in housing and transit, reforming enforcement and improving neighborhoods.
For ﬁ  ve years, I led First Hill’s neighborhood association, where we 
welcomed aﬀ  ordable housing, built safer transportation, better parks, 
and increased livability. Until recently, I was the Executive Director of 
Transportation Choices Coalition, where I built coalitions that secured transformative transportation investments, expanded light rail and bus service, and made transit free for youth.
Our district has beautiful, vibrant places. We lead with compassion. 
But things are oﬀ   track, and too many of us fall through the cracks. We must urgently address complicated problems like homelessness, public safety, and aﬀ  ordability.
With fresh ideas, courage, and a commitment to action, we can build 
more housing, care for our vulnerable neighbors, and keep everyone safe. We can be a great city. I understand District 3’s challenges - and how to make progress. On my website, I’ve released extensive policy agendas and am bringing bold solutions to the table. 
I’m a First Hill renter, public school parent, and cancer survivor. I’m 
a ﬁ  rst-generation college graduate who worked my way through WWU. I was named one of “Seattle’s Most Inﬂ  uential People” in 2015 by Seattle Magazine. I serve on the board of a major non-proﬁ  t aﬀ  ordable housing provider and the Freeway Park Association. I’m proud to be endorsed by labor unions, progressive organizations, and community leaders.
We deserve a representative committed to listening, problem-solving, 
and making our lives better. My years of experience shows I can hit the ground running and get Seattle on track to reach our full potential together. It’d be an honor to serve our district, and I’m asking for your vote.
 Alex Hudson 
   info@alexforseattle.com 
 alexforseattle.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 4
Education: BSCE with distinction and Mathematics Minor, Nevada; MS, 
Civil Engineering, UW; Project Mgmt Cert, UW
Occupation: Engineer/Owner, Integrity Structural Engineering, PLLC
Statement: City Council has failed to eﬀ  ectively address 
homelessness, public safety, and housing unaﬀ  ordability.  It’s time to replace mismanagement and deliver safe neighborhoods, well-maintained parks, roads, greenways, and public transportation that beneﬁ  t all residents.  Our city is facing a homelessness and addiction crisis.  As one with close family who’ve struggled with addiction and homelessness for decades, I’ve seen ﬁ  rsthand the impacts.  I’m running to bring back pragmatic policies and a renewed focus on delivering the basics.
As a business owner and civil engineer with 31 years of experience 
building major infrastructure and public works, I have the know-how to ensure growth beneﬁ  ts all. Smart planning can improve livability, protect the environment and tree canopy, increase quality of life, and prevent many of the problems we face today due to shortsightedness.  I will work to safeguard growth that provides aﬀ  ordable housing for all stages and ages, and beneﬁ  ts neighborhoods without overstressing existing infrastructure.
On Council, I’ll be your advocate for public safety, restoring police 
staﬃ   ng to needed levels, and will make decisions that improve Seattle’s livability.  I’ll work to improve 911 response times, uplift and support our local businesses, and reestablish accountability in City Hall. With the right leadership, we can restore Downtown and the neighborhood business districts we are proud of.
Seattle is a world-class city and deserves a councilmember who 
understands public works, supports local businesses, protects parks and schools, funds police and emergency responders, and acts to address homelessness eﬀ  ectively, compassionately, and immediately.  You have my pledge: I will be that Councilmember. I ask for your vote.
Endorsements:
 Former Seattle Council Members: Pageler & Steinbrueck 
(Past Port Commissioner), Edmonds Council Member Will Chen, 
Former Seattle School Board Presidents: Smith-Blum & Burke; SDOT Director of Capital Projects & Roadway Structures Miller (Retired); Asian Community Leader Shiao-Yen Wu; TreePAC Chair Zemke
 Ken Wilson 
 (206) 637-4994 
 Info@KenForCouncil4.com  www.KenForCouncil4.com



Education: BA, George Fox University, MS, University of Oregon, JD, 
Harvard Law School
Occupation: Entrepreneur, startup consultant, husband, father
Statement: I’m a dad, entrepreneur, and community advocate. A 
longtime Seattle resident, I’ve watched politicians put rhetoric over results as countless people have paid the price. I’ve got a serious plan to ﬁ  x it and build the ambitious future we deserve.
I didn’t start life in a place like Roosevelt. I’m the product of a teen 
pregnancy, but my parents eventually managed to buy a house and 
build us a beautiful life. I got really lucky, graduated from Harvard Law 
School, launched a tech company, and have been a business leader since. Journeys like mine are impossible in Seattle today.
Seattle should be a place where people from any background can 
aﬀ  ord to raise a family, build a career, and age in place. I’ll work 
tirelessly to deliver an aﬀ  ordable city that leaves no one on the street. I’ll ﬁ  ght to make it as easy to get around without a car as it is with one, 
leading on livability and climate. 
As a parent, I won’t stop until Seattle is safe for everyone. I’m the 
only candidate with a serious plan: to stop crime before it starts with evidence-based prevention, to quickly send the right professional for each emergency, and to rebuild trust in law enforcement through good governance and accountability.
To build tomorrow’s economy, I’ll double down on our existing 
and emerging strengths, and expand apprenticeships. We’ll attract tomorrow’s workforce with housing and childcare they can aﬀ  ord in 
neighborhoods they want. I’m the only candidate with a plan to build a 
fairer tax code.
I’m proud to be endorsed by unions, climate leaders, the local 
Democrats, business leaders, and current and former electeds like King County Councilmembers Girmay Zahilay and Larry Gosset, Port Commissioners Toshiko Hawegawa, Sam Cho and Ryan Calkins, and many more. I’d be honored by your support. 
 Ron Davis 
 (206) 468-8554 
 info@seattle4ron.com  seattle4ron.com/



City of Seattle
Council District No. 4
Education: Master Science, Information Systems University of 
Washington Bachelor Arts, Business Administration University of 
Washington
Occupation: AmeriCorps VetCorps Member, Washington State 
Department of Veterans Aﬀ  airsStatement: Hello! My name is George Artem, and I am running for 
Seattle City Council District 4.
I came to the United States as a child from the ex-Soviet Union and 
the greater Seattle area has been my home for over three decades. I attended the University of Washington as an undergrad and completed a Master of Science in Information Systems from the same institution ten years later.
My interest in politics began after the devastation of the second Bush 
administration. In 2008 I canvassed for President Barack Obama, and in 2016 I caucused with Democrats for Senator Bernie Sanders and later supported Dr. Jill Stein in the general election. I stayed out of the 2020 election cycle; but as I’ve gotten older and went to law school, I have found myself agreeing with more of what Washington State 
Republicans have to say and aligning with moderate conservatives like 
Justice Sandra Day O’Connor. However, in truth I’m a pragmatist that prefers solutions over parties.
When I returned from law school, the city that I love had become 
unrecognizable. Previously bustling commercial districts had turned into open air drug markets, and tents lined the downtown streets. My 
primary motivation for running was to take action on drug possession, change our politics around policing, make rent aﬀ  ordable, and cut red 
tape and permitting costs so that Seattle can build.
I believe in small government and local control. As a City Council 
member, I intend to use those as guiding principles to push back against Olympia’s one-size-ﬁ  ts-all policies and bring a culture of 
accountability to local government. Whether it be the City, the County, 
or the State, our leaders have raised and spent a lot of money in recent years, and the public has a right to know where it went.
 George Artem 
 (206) 929-6114 
 info@georgeartem.com  www.georgeartem.com 



Education: J.D., Fordham University School of Law, B.A., Skidmore 
College, The Bronx High School of Science
Occupation: Deputy Director, Oﬃ   ce of Arts & Culture, City of Seattle
Statement: I’ll never forget waiting and worrying outside Ingraham 
High School as my teenage girls were in lockdown during the recent school shooting. It really brought home that things are oﬀ   track. I grew up in a tough neighborhood in the Bronx on the top ﬂ  oor of a ﬁ  ve story walk up. My dad was a welder and proud union member, my mom worked in a factory. They moved from Puerto Rico seeking a better life.
I found that life here in Seattle.  Unfortunately due to poor decisions 
and performative posturing by the City Council -- including pledging to 
defund the police -- our quality of life has eroded, neighborhood small 
businesses are struggling and our streets are less safe.  I’ll listen and 
work to end the divisiveness and put Seattle back on track.
I’ll make public safety my top priority.  Five-minute response times 
for priority 911 calls, get guns oﬀ   our streets, shut down open-air drug markets, address addiction and the mental health crisis. It’s also unacceptable that three years after the murder of George Floyd, Seattle still has no alternative to an armed response to 911 calls. Not all situations require police oﬃ   cers, but many do. I’ll prioritize. I will bring people together to build more aﬀ  ordable housing and address the homelessness crisis.  
With more than 30 years in public service, I know how to get things 
done. I worked in the White House as President Clinton’s Hispanic 
liaison, for the National Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, in Seattle for 
the ACLU post 9/11 to protect Muslim communities from xenophobia, and for former Councilmember Tom Rasmussen. I am honored to have the endorsements of Attorney General Bob Ferguson, Former Councilmember Tom Rasmussen, and many others.
With better governance, Seattle can be progressive, safe, and vibrant. 
I ask for your support.
 
 Maritza Rivera 
 (206) 579-9455 
 maritza@maritzaforseattle.com  www.maritzaforseattle.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 5
Education: Master of Public Administration, Master of Nonproﬁ  t 
Leadership, Bachelor of Science in Psychology, Seattle University
Occupation: Principal Social Equity Consultant & CEO, Epiphanies of 
Equity, LLCStatement: I am running to promote upstream solutions that deliver 
eﬀ  ective, collective, and sustainable results. I’m determined to help mend our policy systems to be more interconnected. If elected, I will assure that city government centers and ampliﬁ  es the needs and voices of the community. Together, we’ll make sure Seattle works better for All people in our city.
From direct social and housing service work to social equity and policy advocacy consulting, I’ve advocated alongside hundreds of community 
members and helped bring transformative change to over 200 organizations and government agencies throughout my career.
Additionally, I am the former co-chair of the Seattle Disability 
Commission and Renters Commission, a board member of BASE: 
Building Art Space Equitably and UW CREATE, and a member of Transit 
Riders Union and Green Party WA.
To ﬁ  nd sustainable solutions to persistent problems, we must 
start with policies and systems as root causes of inequity. We must enact pragmatic policies for sustainable solutions for accessible and aﬀ  ordable housing, increased wage parity, and improved working conditions for working families; Achieving multiple pathways toward shared goals around community safety; Improved multimodal transportation systems focused on pedestrian safety; Small business support focused on economic recovery and growth; Fixing infrastructure gaps throughout our city; Disability Justice and Intersectional Civic Empowerment.
My policy change background includes co-organizing the passage 
of one of the nation’s ﬁ  rst bans of sub-minimum wage; successfully advocating for the adoption of Disability Justice principles at the Seattle Oﬃ   ce of Civil Rights; co-organizing the ﬁ  ght for rent control, resulting in the six-month advance notice legislation passed by the council; and endorsing the Jumpstart Tax as a small business owner. 
We can ﬁ  nd collective, eﬀ  ective, and sustainable policy solutions that 
get to the heart of the issues facing our district. I humbly ask for your vote.
 ChrisTiana ObeySumner  
 (206) 593-2203 
 info@votechristiana.com  www.votechristiana.com 



Education: Arlington High School Graduate
Occupation: Payee Coordinator for Compass Health, REALTOR®
Statement: District 5 deserves more.
When I moved to North Seattle in 2001, I found a welcoming 
community and an engaged local business culture. I had ample opportunities to meet neighbors and cultivate a sense of belonging. For decades I have watched North Seattle ﬁ  ll with big box stores and chain restaurants that smother our small businesses, drive down our wages and don’t invest in our local communities.
We deserve housing and economic opportunities here in District 5. 
I will tirelessly advocate for development around our new transit stations and major roads, because density is responsible ﬁ  scal policy. I see North Seattle playing a pivotal role in our city’s expansion by 
modeling responsible housing density. We will create homes and jobs, 
all while minimizing the displacement of our neighbors.
We deserve to live where we work. With my experience in real estate, I 
will be in close collaboration with the newly-developed social housing authority to create stability and security in Seattle’s cost of housing. No one who works in Seattle should have to worry about their cost of living outpacing their income. Properly funded social housing is an important tool for addressing our out-of-control housing and rental prices. 
We deserve to feel protected and respected when we call the city 
in need. Every day I support social and mental health workers in aiding those who rely on our systems for support, and I will bring this compassion and advocacy to the city council to develop a civic response force that will alleviate the unnecessary harm that can manifest from police response. It is expensive, harmful, and unjust to continue our current cycle of incarceration for people whose only crime is being poor. Seattle’s civil servants should show up when called and respond appropriately.
 
 Shane Macomber 
 (206) 305-1498 
 communications@shaneforseattle.com  shaneforseattle.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 5
Education: Two decades in union and social struggles.
Occupation: Railway switchman
Statement: The Socialist Workers Party stands for independent 
working-class political action. Deteriorating conditions confronting 
working people in Seattle are produced by the bosses as they squeeze 
ever more out of workers and farmers.
After decades of attacks on our wages and working conditions, today 
there is a wind at the backs of workers who sense more opportunities to ﬁ  ght back. More workers and unionists are bringing to bear the class solidarity needed to eﬀ  ectively resist the accelerated speedup, longer hours, attacks on job safety, inﬂ  ation-battered wages, lack of steady work, confronting the social and moral blight produced by world capitalism’s proﬁ  t-driven crises of production and trade.
The heart of U.S. politics today is the ﬁ  ght to defend constitutional 
freedoms won in struggle. Illegal searches and seizures, violations of due process, legislation by courts, government spying, and curbs on freedom of speech, and more, will be used against the working class. Working people need those rights to defend ourselves. Every attack on them must be vigorously opposed, regardless of who the target is today.
Under the governance of the bosses’ parties what we win is soon 
taken away. When we depend on government to safeguard us, unelected bureaucracies, courts, and legislatures reverse our victories.
We need aﬀ  ordable housing, health care, drug rehabilitation and 
mental health care; decent jobs, training, and child care; time oﬀ   
work with our families, and control of safety and working conditions on the job.  We need a labor party based on the unions, to organize working people to stand together in our own class interests. This is not a scheme, but a revolutionary perspective for our class. In 1959 the workers and farmers of Cuba proved that those who are utterly 
discounted by the ruling classes can take power and change the world.
 Rebecca Williamson 
 (206) 323-1755 
 swpseattle@gmail.com  www.themilitant.com 
Education: Institute for a Democratic Future, University of 
Washington, Ingraham High School
Occupation: Community activist
Statement: I am a lifelong resident of District 5, where I have been an 
active volunteer for over 20 years and am now raising my own family.
I was the ﬁ  rst candidate to ﬁ  le in this race, and am running because 
I love our city, our city is in crisis, and I have the skills, track-record, relationships and energy needed to help. My campaign priorities are public safety, including behavioral health, substance abuse, prostitution, theft, vandalism, hate crimes and gun violence; homelessness and aﬀ  ordable housing for all, including renters, seniors and other residents on ﬁ  xed incomes; protecting businesses, public spaces, the environment, and the unique character of Seattle and its neighborhoods; and accessibility, transparency and accountability from public servants and law enforcement.
In District 5, I have served on the Broadview Community Council, 
on the executive board of the 46th District Democrats, as a precinct committee oﬃ   cer, and as a creek steward for Broadview Creek. I have served as president of the UW Alumni Association’s Multicultural Alumni Partnership, the Metropolitan Democratic Club of Seattle, and the Church Council of Greater Seattle. I have worked as an event planner for the UW Alumni Association, a chapter administrator for the Seattle United Nations Association, and a loaned executive for the United Way of King County.
I am proud to be endorsed by WA Attorney-General Bob Ferguson, 
King County Executive Dow Constantine, King County Assessor John Wilson, King County Councilmember Jeanne Kohl-Welles, WA Representative Sharon Tomiko Santos, former King County Councilmember Larry Gossett, former Seattle City Attorney Pete Holmes, former Seattle City Councilmembers Peter Steinbrueck, Nick 
Licata, Heidi Wills, and David Della; former WA Senator Maralyn Chase, 
Ben Bridge Co-CEO and General Counsel Jon Bridge, the Metropolitan Democratic Club of Seattle, and many others.
I would be honored to have your vote!
 Justin Simmons 
 (206) 458-9581 
 Campaign@simmonsforseattle.com  Simmonsforseattle.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 5
Education: B of A Linguistics, A+, Network+, Security+, and Microsoft 
Certiﬁ  ed Technology Consultant.
Occupation: Sr. IT Supervisor for Americas Region.
Statement: In 2013, The Lake City Community Center had been 
begging the city for months to install Wi-Fi, with delay after delay and no action. The community needed a solution so I volunteered, got on the roof, and installed the ﬁ  rst Wireless Internet system at the LCCC.
Sadly, a decade later nothing has changed. We watch volunteers take 
action and get results, while the programs City Hall pours millions into 
seem ineﬀ  ective. We have been patient and generous with our tax 
dollars, but we’re not getting our fair share or a fair say on spending. Accountability is my top priority. We need to enhance auditing of city expenditures, identify what is working and cut wasteful spending.
Having lived in north Seattle for almost 25 years, some of you know 
me from my prior business, The Computer Doctor. Some of you know me from my contributions at the Eagles Aerie #1. I’m proud to be an active participant in our community, contributing to making it better.
I believe IT Management principles can change City Hall. Examining 
problems and ﬁ  nding solutions (within budget) is what I do every day. 
I will make sure your voice is heard, because I will conduct a survey 
every 3 months and focus on what you want from city government.  
I also am a proud advocate of civil rights, and the right to choose. The 
anti-choice movement is based on two lies. The ﬁ  rst lie is every fetus is viable, the second lie is that pregnancy and birth don’t pose a life-threatening risk. In 2022, the US had the highest maternal mortality rate. Protecting civil rights is not enough. We have a moral obligation to audit and ensure our tax dollars are not feeding anti-choice organizations.
Learn more at votebibby.
 Boegart Bibby 
 (206) 529-5069 
 teambibby@votebibby.org  votebibby.org 



Education: Bachelor of Arts, Economics and Spanish, Wellesley College
Occupation: Full time mom, community advocate, and education 
professional
Statement: Like so many of you, I’m tired of the divisiveness that 
has taken root in Seattle politics that has not brought us the policy 
solutions we deserve. As a second-generation Iranian-American whose 
parents were granted political asylum, I know how fragile democracy can be. We need elected leaders who can focus on practical solutions and coalition building to address public safety, our housing crisis, and our transportation needs.
In 2019, my son and I heard a car crash and ran outside. We ran into 
a police oﬃ   cer telling us to run inside, as he went on to confront the Sand Point mass shooter only 20 feet away. I believe the police saved our lives that day. We are all tired of false choices when it comes to public safety. We should be able to keep our neighborhoods safe without blaming our unhoused neighbors as the root of our problems.
After the Parkland shootings, two moms and I organized to fundraise 
for and establish our nation’s largest gun buyback program. We need to continue our progress addressing our gun violence epidemic. 
I want 
to bring that passion, commitment, and proven collaborative working skills to Seattle City Council.
These issues are heightened by our climate crisis with ever hotter 
days and stiﬂ  ing wildﬁ  re smoke. Climate activists have chosen this 
campaign as the top climate platform out of all candidates citywide. In 
my platform, I bring solutions for our housing crisis, a greener transit system that includes sidewalks(!), funding for alternative policing models, and getting our unhoused population into homes.
Endorsed: 46th District Democrats, 32nd District Democrats, King 
County Young Democrats, United Food And Commercial Workers 3000, Moms Demand Action Gun Sense Candidate, County Councilmember Rod Dembowski, Representative Julia Reed, Senator Javier Valdez, and more. I’d be honored to earn your vote.
 Nilu Jenks 
 (206) 530-1114 
 info@neighborsfornilu.org  www.neighborsfornilu.org



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 5
Education: No education submitted.
Occupation: Student at North Seattle College
Statement: A college student and native of North Seattle, Lucca 
Murdoch Howard is deeply familiar with issues facing District Five. Aﬀ  ording rent, much less mortgage, is drifting out of reach for most residents. Seniors and students alike have to choose between moving out of city limits or facing tough choices. Basic problems are ignored in our bus network, making driving mandatory, and creating parking problems across the district. Aurora hasn’t been invested in for decades, being so decrepit that neighbors avoid it when it could be a business area and urban hub. Across North Seattle, communities are ignored by city hall--most District Five neighborhoods have no community center or voice in Seattle’s growth.
As Seattle’s youngest City Council member, Lucca will bring a 
fresh perspective for our district. He will listen to the community, and advocate for their solutions. Lucca worked on I-135, and will assure the Seattle Social Housing Developer is funded to relieve homelessness. Aurora should be a proper Main Street, by bringing bus, bike, and pedestrian infrastructure to places that don’t have them. 
Lucca’s main priorities are transit, aﬀ  ordable housing, and community 
improvements. He will prioritize community-based, sustainable solutions so that young people can start to thrive in Seattle.
 
 Lucca Murdoch Howard  
 (206) 822-8878 
 lmurdochhowardd5@gmail.com  www.lucca4district5.com/ 



Education: JD, Albany Law School; BA, SUNY Binghamton
Occupation: Attorney, King County Superior Court Judge (ret.), former 
Public Defender
Statement: I’m running for Seattle City Council because District 
5 deserves a proven pragmatic leader with experience in ﬁ  nding solutions and making sound decisions. As a twice elected Superior Court judge, public defender, legal services program manager, chair of the Seattle Human Rights Commission, Washington State Bar Association Governor, and Interim Seattle City Clerk, I understand the privilege and responsibility of making choices that impact people’s lives and livelihoods. 
As a North End neighbor, mom of Ingraham and Nathan Hale 
graduates, and Lake City community volunteer, I want a healthy, thriving, and welcoming community for all.
I will draw upon my three decades of public service to deliver on the 
following priorities:
Public Safety:
 Timely police response and accountability, robust civilian 
responder program, proven gun violence interventions.  Housing: 
Dense and equitable development of the Aurora Corridor, 130th 
St Station area, Northgate, and Lake City. Support for Social Housing development across District 5.  Transit: Enhanced East/West bus 
service, ﬁ  rst mile/last mile transit service, needed sidewalks, bike lanes.  Community needs: Community center for Lake City and Haller Lake, on-demand behavioral health care, on-demand substance use treatment, hunger prevention and abatement programs, before-and-after school programs.  Economic opportunity: Support for local small 
business, particularly immigrant/minority/women owned.  Parks and 
Open Space: More parks and open space with equitable access.
The tasks ahead for our district and our city are formidable. With the 
right leadership – knowledgeable, experienced, courageous – they are achievable. If I have the honor of your vote for City Council, I will be transparent and accessible. I will lead with equitable and community-driven solutions, and most importantly, I will be accountable to you. 
I am proud to be a Moms Demand Action “Gun Sense Candidate”, 
endorsed by 32nd Democrats, Representative Cindy Ryu, Judge Theresa Doyle (ret.) and many small businesses.
 Cathy Moore 
 (206) 483-7417 
 info@cathymoore.net  www.cathymoore.net 



City of Seattle
Council District No. 5
Education: Bachelor’s in Society, Ethics, & Human Behavior, minor in 
Human Rights; University of Washington, Bothell
Occupation: Operations Director, Real Change News
Statement: My name is Tye Reed and I’m running to be your next 
District 5 councilmember.
Most people know me as the co-chair and co-founder of the House 
Our Neighbors coalition that won permanently aﬀ  ordable social housing in Seattle. I’m also a mutual aid organizer, a member of the Transit Riders Union, a board member for both Be: Seattle and the Housing Justice Project, as well as a displaced renter who is ready to represent your community on the Seattle City Council.
As your councilmember, I will immediately focus my oﬃ   ce’s attention on passing bold  progressive revenue to ﬁ  ll the projected $200 million 
shortfall in the 2024 budget. I will do this by increasing the Jumpstart tax on large corporations and implementing a capital gains wealth tax at the city level. Seattle residents are tired of regressive taxes that make every year harder and harder for working class families.
Seattle must stop these pointless sweeps. We know they don’t work 
and they never will. Last year, the City carried out over 900 sweeps, many of them at the same location multiple times, with only a 
worsening homeless crisis to show for it. Our tax dollars should not be 
wasted; we need more public bathrooms, trash pickup, and hygiene stations - not sweeps.
Finally, I will prioritize creating safe spaces for our kids, elders, and 
disabled neighbors through massive infrastructure investments. I will start by pedestrianizing Aurora with sidewalks, trees, and lit crosswalks. I will ﬁ  ght to make sure the 130th St station opens on schedule in 2026, with zoning that allows for dense, aﬀ  ordable housing in our district.
Community members have already told us what they need to live and 
thrive in a safe, healthy Seattle; politicians simply need to say yes. Vote 
Tye Reed to be your District 5 Councilmember.
 
 Tye Reed     
 info@tyeforﬁ  ve.com 
 tyeforﬁ  ve.com 



Education: Seattle University, Public Admin ; Philosophy Minor
Occupation: HealthCare
Statement:  As a Christian, a Father, and your next City Council 
Representative; I will serve our di5trict with the humility, transparency and with the wisdom of our collective community to deliver on a future our children deserve. My campaign will focus our Care on:
Systemic Racism; People deserve to be treated with Care and basic 
human dignity regardless of sex, orientation, gender, nationality of 
birth, or color of skin. I am commited to Police Reform and for equality 
under our laws.  
Homeless Crisis; One only needs to walk our streets and in some 
cases just look out of your oﬃ   ce window or out of your bed room window to see the crisis we face regarding homelessness in this city and the 2023/24 budget has earmarked nearly $320million dollars to Care for unhoused in Seattle. I will ensure that every dollar ensures a better future for Seattleites struggling out of poverty. 
Psalm 82: “Be fair to the poor and to orphans. Defend the helpless and 
everyone in need. Rescue the weak and homeless from the powerful hands of heartless people” 
Fair and Good Paying Jobs; The unfair union busting actions we’ve 
seen in recent years by Seattle’s most well-known industries must end 
and be held to account. As your representative in City Council, I will 
work with trades and union organizers to ensure fair demands are met with Care.
Our Environment; As Your representative for district 5, I will ensure that our needs are being met as well to ensure cleaner parks for our kids to play in, upgraded equipment for them to enjoy, protected bike 
lanes for you to commute to work and tax dollars for businesses ready 
to be net-zero carbon today.
 Bobby J. Tucker 
 (206) 665-4857 
 bobby.j.tucckerdistric5@gmail.com



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 6
Education: University of Virginia Law School (JD 1991); University of 
Virginia (BS Commerce 1983)
Occupation: Attorney, Shea Wilson, LLC
Statement: We’ve had enough performance art politics.  We need 
Change.  I ask for your vote to govern responsibly.  This campaign is about three hard issues:
Homelessness
 is now oﬃ   cially a long-term problem—at least ﬁ  ve years 
to address, according to the King County Regional Homelessness 
Authority.  Translation: encampments for ﬁ  ve more years at least.  Compassion is important.  But we need to identify who needs what kind of help by implementing three levels of designated urban 
campgrounds: sober; intermediate (cannabis/alcohol); and permissive 
(hard drugs Ok within the fenced and privacy-screened area). 
Public Safety is job one.  Our downtown, neighborhoods and parks cannot be no-go zones.  Seattle has fewer than 1000 police oﬃ   cers 
for about three-quarters of a million people, down from 1300 in 2017.  
We clearly need to add more commissioned oﬃ   cers and unarmed 
community service oﬃ   cers.  Enforce newly enacted laws against open 
hard drug use on our streets.
Social Justice  covers much ground, some beyond city-level government.  
We can address police-community relations.  Defunding the police is 
not the answer.  We must invest in best practices to ensure civilian safety.
And one ignored issue: Public Infrastructure .  Our bridges, water and 
sewer mains are aging.  The state legislature has now mandated 
6-plexes, which could triple or quadruple our population.  And we’ll have to foot the bill for the new infrastructure.
When you voted in 2019, were you voting to defund the police?  
Probably not.  New issues will emerge over the next four years.  I’ll 
take a socially liberal and ﬁ  scally conservative approach toward them.  
Leave people alone unless we need laws to keep their conduct from interfering with others.  Spend tax dollars amply but wisely.  Ability to pay matters.  Don’t overburden any one segment of the tax base.
 Shea Wilson     
 info@votesheawilson.com 
 www.votesheawilson.com 



Education: Bachelor of Arts, Politcal Science, Whittier College; Master 
of Public Administration, University of Oregon
Occupation: Working for the residents of District 6
Statement: I’m running for reelection because better is not good 
enough. Working with Mayor Harrell, I’ve worked to move homeless from parks and sidewalks to housing without sweeps, to make our communities safer, and to build more aﬀ  ordable housing. I work out of my District Oﬃ   ce and hold weekly oﬃ   ce hours to hear from you directly. We’ve seen progress, and we Must do better.
Public Safety: Yes, “defund the police” was a mistake. I’ve supported fully funding the Police staﬃ   ng and hiring plans every year, created a Public Safety Coordinator in Ballard, increased Harbor Patrol, and 
funded Mobile Crisis teams. Next term, I’ll continue fully funding police 
and working with Mayor Harrell to make policing better and safer.
Homelessness:  I resolved the Woodland Park and Ballard Commons 
encampments without sweeps, expanded outreach teams working 
with people living in cars, and created neighborhood-based homelessness response teams. We need to expand our eﬀ  orts to get homeless into housing, build and buy permanent housing, and push regional partners to act faster.
Housing:  I reformed the city’s processes to build housing faster and 
launched audits on our permitting process. I reduced the threat of 
eviction for tenants while ensuring landlords are made whole. We must increase the stock of family-size units so people of all income levels can aﬀ  ord it here.
Born and raised in District 6, I’m committed to our community’s 
success because I want to raise my kids in a neighborhood that is 
safer than the one I grew up in. I’ve dedicated my life to public service, 
serving with AmeriCorps and working to combat gun violence. Things 
are better, and better isn’t good enough. I ask for your vote to build on 
our success.
Endorsed by MLK Labor Council, Seattle Building Trades, 36th and 
46th Democrats, UFCW 3000, and AG Bob Ferguson.
 Dan Strauss     
 ballard206@gmail.com 
 www.D6danstrauss.org



City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 6
Education: Ballard High School graduate, 2 years at UW
Occupation: 22 years management in family manufacturing business 
in Ballard
Statement: I intend to be a positive inﬂ  uence in District 6 and the 
entire City of Seattle.  I am a second-generation Seattle native.  My grandparents came here for the natural beauty and economic opportunity found in abundance in Seattle.
Elect me to be a moderate voice on our City Council.  My vision 
is to restore our city’s beauty and opportunity so my son and his generation can prosper and aﬀ  ord home ownership.  I am working to keep Seattle a safe and friendly place to raise a family.  I organized 
the successful cleanup of the Greenwood neighborhood as part of the 
One Seattle Day of Service.
I stepped up to a strong role in the community in April 2020 when 
the pandemic lockdown was extended.  Small businesses suﬀ  ered and individuals were denied necessary medical care.  I became increasingly concerned about the disregard for civil rights imposed by public health measures like the mask mandate and mandatory vaccination in workplaces and universities.  I became an advocate for 
medical freedom and helped dozens of workers ﬁ  nd accommodations 
to keep their jobs.  I was appalled to see so many good employees with legitimate medical and religious exemptions terminated unjustly.
It is largely due to my public presence and persistence that the COVID 
mandates ended in Washington state. Help me bring this boldness to our City Council to do what’s right.  Before we spend any more money on the homeless situation, we need accountability for money spent.  We must support the needs of business owners, homeowners, renters, and workers—Not add more to their tax burden.  We need to address our infrastructure—I would support the in-kind replacement of the Magnolia Bridge.  We need to restore public safety and police service so our businesses and families are safe.  Let’s Save Seattle together. Vote Victoria Palmer for District 6.
 Victoria Palmer 
 (206) 255-9970 
 VictoriaForSeattle@gmail.com  VictoriaForSeattle.com 



Education: Graduate, Franklin High School; Attended Shoreline 
Community College
Occupation: Executive Director, Fremont Chamber of Commerce
Statement: With Mayor Harrell’s leadership, we’ve made some 
progress in making our neighborhoods safer, but there is still much work to be done. To achieve this, we must elect a pragmatic City Council committed to fulﬁ  lling its promises by focusing on the basics rather than engaging in divisive and performative politics. 
I bring a successful career in Hospitality spanning 35 years. I owned 
the Red Door in Fremont for two decades. Through this experience, I have honed my problem-solving skills and developed an ability to work within a budget.
My top priorities are:Community Safety: We must work with law enforcement, drug 
treatment experts, mental health professionals, and residents to ensure community safety. Our city should guarantee a timely and reliable response to ensure vibrant neighborhoods where we can all 
live, work, and play. Uniformed oﬃ   cers play an essential role, but not 
every situation requires their response.
Housing & Homelessness: Seattle must place the utmost importance 
on providing aﬀ  ordable housing to help working families, seniors 
and alleviate homelessness. To accomplish this, the city must direct its eﬀ  orts toward expanding the current housing supply and expediting permitting processes while maintaining aﬀ  ordability and neighborhood character. For those experiencing homelessness, we must increase shelter availability, implement programs like tiny home villages, and enhance mental health and drug treatment services. Our ultimate focus should be prioritizing support for those requiring it the most.
Seattle has been my beloved home for more than half a century. 
I strive to conduct myself with civility and compassion in all of my interactions. We are in a pivotal time as a city. I’m running because we need a more pragmatic, problem-solving approach to shape our shared future. I’d be honored to earn your vote. Endorsed: Jan Drago, Jane Noland, Margaret Pageler, Jan Drago, Sue Donaldson and Peter Steinbrueck.
 Pete Hanning 
 (206) 682-7328 
 info@votepeteford6.org  votepeteford6.org
 
 
 
 City of Seattle
Council District No. 6
Education: EMPA UW Evans School of Public Policy, MBA FDU, 
Undergraduate Boston University, University of Connecticut
Occupation: Retired
Statement: I am running because I am passionate about Seattle.  I 
moved here over 25 years ago when Seattle was rated the most livable 
city.in the country. Ask yourself if you can say that now? I have a vision 
of Seattle once again leading the country in livability.This is an historic time in Seattle, particularly because growth 
management has been an unmitigated failure
. Traﬃ   c is a mess, housing 
is unaﬀ  ordable, bridges are crumbling, and our neighbors are literally 
sleeping in the streets.  As President of Seattle Fair Growth, I have 
been advocating for housing for people of all incomes.
Before I built a small business from scratch into one of the Fastest 
Growing Companies in Washington, I was a starving radio announcer barely able to pay rent.  I know what it is to live paycheck to paycheck. We must incentivize developers to build aﬀ  ordable housing on site, not pay a fee to build it somewhere else on cheaper land four years later.
The recent update to Seattle’s Tree Ordinance is an example of the 
failure of our city’s leadership. Multiple amendments recommended by the Urban Forestry Commission were summarily rejected. Combined with the State’s Middle Housing Act, which requires multifamily zoning throughout Seattle, who stands for the trees? Are we the Emerald City or beholden to special interests? Subsidized multifamily housing close to transit is part of the balance that Seattle needs. We can have trees and we can have aﬀ  ordable housing too.
As your future City Council member, I will not be taking contributions 
from the Master Builders of King County. I will be working for one constituency, you. Together we can make Seattle green again!
 Jon Lisbin 
 (385) 422-2468 
 elect@jonlisbin.com  www.jonlisbin.com 



Education: Bachelor’s in Communications, University of Washington
Occupation: Marketing Communications
Statement: Seattle, we need to pivot. Our city is heading toward a 
higher-cost, lower-quality of life. We’ve taken the wrong approach to our problems, let them get worse, and used the wrong tools to manage them.
Take homelessness . The current approach is to help people living 
on the streets so they can get back on their feet. The reality is most 
chronically homeless people have never been on their feet. Most suﬀ  er from mental illness and addiction problems. They don’t need free meals or shelter. They need rehab and treatment.
We need a Social Services Department to provide these services 
and handle many problems currently falling to the Seattle Police Department. Let’s not criminalize homelessness, but treat it as a public health issue. If necessary, we should use civil commitment  laws 
to mandate treatment for those who are a danger to themselves or others.
We’ve also taken the wrong approach to housing , believing that more 
supply will lower prices. But despite all the homes we’ve built, rents 
and prices still rise. That’s because private developers only build market rate housing as long as market rates remain high. We need to build aﬀ  ordable housing for people who earn at or below the median income. The new social housing oﬃ   ce is a step in this direction.
Addressing homelessness and housing aﬀ  ordability will chart a new 
path for Seattle. People in crisis will get the help they need. The police can stay in their lane. Our libraries can be learning centers instead of de facto homeless shelters. Our jails will no longer function as mental institutions. Our parks will be free of tents and needles.
Let’s pull Seattle in this hopeful direction, toward a higher-quality of 
life for everyone.
 Dale Kutzera 
 (206) 472-0932 
 Info@Dale4District6.com  Dale4District6.com
 
 
 City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 7
Education: Seattle Central Community College - Associate of Arts
Occupation: Seattle Police Oﬃ   cer - Community Response Group
Statement: Steward - The careful and responsible management of 
something entrusted to one’s care. As a citizen of Seattle and longtime 
resident of District 7, we have to ask ourselves, “Do we have a good 
steward in Seattle?”
When I talk about issues in this city, it is because the past decade of 
my life has been spent in all corners of Seattle, serving the public, and adapting to issues we face.
I am a Seattle Police Oﬃ   cer who works on a team called the 
Community Response Group, working to address the most diﬃ   cult 
issues the city faces. I have been an Oﬃ   cer since 2013, and was drawn 
to SPD because of my deep ties to the city.
I have lived in Seattle for over twenty years. This is my home -I refuse 
to give up on this city regardless of how bruised and battered we are. Seattle is in Crisis and needs direction. I am an Independent voice 
for common sense change. I am neither Republican nor Democrat. I represent the majority who have been without a voice for too long.
I am a United States Marine Corps veteran. I was in the restaurant 
industry for nearly two decades, mostly in Queen Anne, and won Seattle’s Best Bartender award twice. I know my constituents, my small and medium sized businesses, and I know my district.
Our community is being torn apart by fentanyl, meth and an unabated mental health crisis - and I have seen the eﬀ  ects ﬁ  rst-hand. There is a 
way out of this - and that way requires dedication to working through challenges proactively. The critical issues of public safety, addiction, mental health, homelessness, aﬀ  ordable housing, transportation, taxes, workers small & medium sized businesses and livability of this city can be found in detail on my website: marshallforseattle.com
 
 Aaron Marshall 
 (206) 601-9707 
 AaronMarshallfordistrict7@outlook.com  marshallforseattle.com 



Education: BA History and Political Science, University of Washington; 
JD University of California, Berkeley
Occupation: Seattle City Councilmember; Attorney
Statement: As the parent of a six-month-old, I’m more determined 
than ever to build a Seattle we can be proud to pass on to the next generation. In my ﬁ  rst term, I brought together unlikely coalitions to deliver results and I’ll continue that work if re-elected.
Public Safety: In my ﬁ  rst term, I increased our park ranger program 
from two to 28 rangers, fully funded the police hiring budget each year, passed an ordinance protecting ﬁ  reﬁ  ghters from harassment in the line of duty, and worked with Mayor Harrell to create a civilian behavioral health response in lieu of police involvement. If re-elected, I’ll increase these alternative responses, continue the shared commitment of the Council and Mayor to recruit and retain police, and support community programs proven to reduce repeated criminal behavior.
Housing And Homelessness : We need to get people out of 
encampments and into stable housing immediately. Working with 
Mayor Harrell, my oﬃ   ce helped create the Uniﬁ  ed Care Team, a one-stop, no-excuses shop to navigate people experiencing homelessness into shelter and resolve encampments. Encampments have been reduced by 42%, but much work remains. Over the next four years, I’ll increase enhanced shelter options like tiny houses so people experiencing homelessness have a stable shelter, rather than being displaced to another encampment. I’ll also work with city partners to build and acquire social and non-proﬁ  t housing so more people can aﬀ  ord to live in our community.
Climate Change
: We are running out of time to combat climate change. 
Seattle must confront the emergency with housing planning that 
emphasizes dense, walkable communities, electriﬁ  cation of buildings, 
and safe, reliable public transportation.Endorsements : MLK County Labor Council, 36th District Democrats, 
Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal, fmr. Labor Secretary Robert Reich, 
Attorney General Bob Ferguson, County Executive Dow Constantine, Downtown Seattle Association CEO Jon Scholes
 Andrew J. Lewis 
 (206) 593-2203 
 lewisforseattle@gmail.com  www.lewisforseattle.com
 
 
 
 City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 7
Education: B.S. Mathematics, Oakland University
Occupation: Software Engineer, Amazon
Statement: I am running to build a lot of housing. The cost of living 
is high and increasing, and must be addressed by all means possible. Building more housing is the highest priority and will improve aﬀ  ordability, reduce inequality and homelessness, help mitigate climate change, create more walkable neighborhoods, and make transit more viable. Housing will also close the gap between workers and jobs, unlocking enormous economic potential. We will do this with permissive and ﬂ  exible zoning, by streamlining development processes, and by aligning tax incentives.
We must also improve our tax system. Our taxes are regressive and 
unstable, and the city faces major budget shortfalls. We should move to a land value tax, which will be more progressive, more consistent, increase tax revenue, and come at a lower cost to taxpayers. Land value taxes will encourage housing construction, discourage speculation, and ensure the public receives the full return on public investments, helping fund major transit projects.
We must expand addiction treatment services, and work to get as 
many people into treatment as possible, reducing drug use and overdoses. We must expand homeless outreach and shelter, to ensure we are consistently working with all of our large and growing homeless population and that we have space indoors for them. Nobody should sleep outside or in their car.
We must fully staﬀ   our police department, which is overworked and 
struggling to perform even its basic duties. Expanding social services will help reduce low-level property crime and save police time by addressing societal ills that the police are not meant for.
I am optimistic about our future: our problems have solutions, and 
great things are possible. I ask for your vote to start building that future.
 
 Wade Sowders 
 (206) 453-0210 
 wade@wadeforseattle.com  wadeforseattle.com 



Education: Ballard High School; Seattle Community College; SHRM 
Certiﬁ  cation, University of Washington
Occupation: Small Business Owner, Nonproﬁ  t Board Member, Mother
Statement: We urgently need change at City Hall. It’s critical to act 
now and get Seattle back on the right track. As an immigrant, a small business owner, and a mom — not a politician — I understand the 
urgency to address the failures we’ve witnessed. The blatant dismissal 
of businesses, the ignorance and arrogance at City Hall, and the turning a blind eye to our safety.
The recent string of shootings that forced me to close my bakery 
on Third Avenue compelled me to take action. I pledge to you: no more excuses on homelessness, no more defunding the police, and no more neglecting downtown. Seattle can be transformed, but it requires more than empty political promises.
As Washington’s Business Owner of the Year, I’m committed to 
revitalizing downtown by bringing back small/minority-owned businesses and vibrant community events. To address homelessness, I’ll hire more police oﬃ   cers and add new crisis responders for non-violent calls.
I immigrated to America in ‘99 and graduated from Ballard High, so 
I understand the importance of community. My family and I made Piroshky Piroshky bakeries a Seattle staple. And with 70 Seattle based employees who spread piroshky love across the country, I prioritize living wages, healthcare, ﬁ  nancial security, and work-life balance — values that all businesses should embrace.
Politics as usual is falling short, that’s why I am running to challenge 
the status quo. I’ll be a voice for ordinary families whom City Hall has neglected and pushed aside. My commitment is solely to you — the people of Seattle. I have no special interests in my corner, and I have no ambition for higher oﬃ   ce. My aim is simple: to restore common-sense in city government.
I’m Olga Sagan, and if you’re hungry for change in Seattle, I would be 
honored to earn your vote.
 Olga Sagan 
 (206) 999-7456 
 info@olgaforseattle.com  olgaforseattle.com
 
 
 
 City of Seattle
Council District No. 7
Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Political Science and Studio Art | 
Certiﬁ  ed Ethical Hacker
Occupation: Small Business Owner | Principal Private Investigator 
AgencyStatement: I have spent 25 years living in the City of Seattle. I am 
a solution-oriented problem solver  that is both able and capable of 
delivering results fast . As a resident of the Downtown Corridor,  I have 
seen ﬁ  rst-hand the escalation of violent crime, drug use, mental health 
crises, accumulation of waste, and camping in public spaces.
The City of Seattle must Elect a Leader capable of working with other 
Members and City Departments to: Implement  common sense solutions  
that will address the crises  that have left thousands on Seattle’s 
sidewalks, streets, and parks where criminal activity continues to run rampant; improve public safety while re-building trust  between the 
public safety providers; ensure all elected oﬃ   cials are held accountable 
and keep the promises they make to during campaigns; urgently 
deal with waste that continues to accumulate  around the City and its 
perimeter in order to keep Seattle green; balance a budget  
and conduct 
regular audits to ensure the needs of the general public are prioritized over ‘special interest(s)’; establish training sites
 for individuals displaced 
or unemployed in order to increase the supply of skilled workers to meet current demands; incentivize education  in areas where we are 
falling behind (STEM).
In 2019, I ran for this same position. Our Elected Oﬃ   cials are still 
talking about the same issues that were talked about over four years ago. The answer always seems to be more money, taxes, or another study. The 
City of Seattle cannot continue to just talk, study, or spend their 
way out of these problems.  It is the taxpayers who are footing the bill.
I am not a career politician nor am I owned or chosen by any special interest. My sole commitment is to my constituents . I will bring common-
sense solutions  back to our City government.   
Solutions must start now.
 Isabelle Kerner 
 (206) 271-1560 
 isabelle@isabellekerner.com  www.kernerforcouncil.com 



Education: EMPA, University of Washington Evans School; MA, 
Georgetown University; BA, Boston University
Occupation: Distinguished Naval Intelligence oﬃ   cer, stay-at-home 
dad, civic volunteerStatement: 
I’m running for Seattle City Council because I’m concerned 
about the Council’s inaction and failure on the most important issues 
facing our community. I’ll help lead our city to meet the challenges we face on public safety, public health, and homelessness. Seattle can feel 
like a thriving, vibrant community again.
I’m a ﬁ  rst-generation American, stay-at-home dad and civic leader, 
having retired as a Naval oﬃ   cer to help support my wife’s work as a Civil Rights Attorney – including the landmark case with the ACLU, overturning “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.” I volunteer with several neighborhood-level community organizations, including as Chair of the Queen Anne Community Council’s Public Safety Committee.
As the only Democratic challenger in this race , I’ll bring concrete plans 
based on our shared Seattle values. I’m a realist who believes that 
ground-level results are more important than political platitudes. 
We need to get serious about crime reduction. The Council’s pledge to 
defund SPD by 50% was irresponsible and undercut our public safety and our ability to implement reform. I support allocating additional 
resources to recruitment, training, and community policing – including 
non-police responders. 
We cannot solve our public safety issues without addressing public 
health. With increasing shelter space, it’s time to restore our public spaces and stop relying on unsafe, inhumane encampments. City Council has enabled open drug use and drug dealing in our neighborhoods including downtown, which claimed the lives of 500+ Seattleites last year. We need leadership able to partner with County, State, and Federal authorities, to add mental health hospital capacity and addiction treatment centers. We must also prioritize programs and service providers that prove they work. I’ll focus Seattle 
government on saving lives, keeping the vulnerable safe, and restoring 
our beautiful city.
We can do this! I’m Bob Kettle, and I ask for your vote.
 Bob Kettle 
 (206) 972-4777 
 info@kettleforseattle.com  kettleforseattle.com 58Signing your ballot