Education: Arlington High School Graduate
Occupation: Payee Coordinator for Compass Health, REALTOR®
Statement: District 5 deserves more.
When I moved to North Seattle in 2001, I found a welcoming 
community and an engaged local business culture. I had ample opportunities to meet neighbors and cultivate a sense of belonging. For decades I have watched North Seattle ﬁ  ll with big box stores and chain restaurants that smother our small businesses, drive down our wages and don’t invest in our local communities.
We deserve housing and economic opportunities here in District 5. 
I will tirelessly advocate for development around our new transit stations and major roads, because density is responsible ﬁ  scal policy. I see North Seattle playing a pivotal role in our city’s expansion by 
modeling responsible housing density. We will create homes and jobs, 
all while minimizing the displacement of our neighbors.
We deserve to live where we work. With my experience in real estate, I 
will be in close collaboration with the newly-developed social housing authority to create stability and security in Seattle’s cost of housing. No one who works in Seattle should have to worry about their cost of living outpacing their income. Properly funded social housing is an important tool for addressing our out-of-control housing and rental prices. 
We deserve to feel protected and respected when we call the city 
in need. Every day I support social and mental health workers in aiding those who rely on our systems for support, and I will bring this compassion and advocacy to the city council to develop a civic response force that will alleviate the unnecessary harm that can manifest from police response. It is expensive, harmful, and unjust to continue our current cycle of incarceration for people whose only crime is being poor. Seattle’s civil servants should show up when called and respond appropriately.
 
 Shane Macomber 
 (206) 305-1498 
 communications@shaneforseattle.com  shaneforseattle.com