Education: MBA, City University of Seattle; BA Marketing, Boise State 
University; UW Paciﬁ  c Coast Banking School
Occupation: Mega Paciﬁ  c Holding, Managing Director; former CEO of 
two banksStatement: The Port of Seattle is embroiled in a management crisis. 
A billion-dollar terminal unsuitable for some of the large jets, $800 million in cost overruns, and a half-million loss to an internet scam. A staggering $83 million of new tax levy. Persistent environmental 
lawsuits hurting low-income communities and people of color in South 
King County. Time to set a new course.
We have a shared goal: A thriving economy, a cleaner environment, 
increased family wage jobs, and a fair and equitable society. To attain 
this, we must stop the path of mismanagement.
With my extensive career in banking and ﬁ  nance, I am ready to steer 
the Port in the right direction. As an immigrant who arrived with $300, I’ve worked my way up from the mailroom to the boardroom, founded two community banks, and provided hundreds of millions in small business loans and created thousands of jobs. I am a staunch promoter of ﬁ  scal responsibilities and know how to leverage them to create business opportunities for Washington State. I’ve served as a volunteered mentor MBA students at Seattle University, active in Rotary for 38 years, and Past President of the Greater Seattle Chinese Chamber of Commerce.
If elected, I will immediately put sound management practices 
into place to pull the Port back onto ﬁ  rm ﬁ  nancial ground with transparency.  This will enable us to focus on our dual mission: 
Generating family-wage jobs and safeguarding our environment.  Vote for 
a stronger, cleaner, and trusted Seattle Port.
Endorsed: ATU Local 587, former WA State Governor Gary Locke, King County Assessor John Wilson, Bellevue Mayor Lynne Robinson, Sen. Claire Wilson, Rep. Jamila Taylor, Renton City Councilmembers, Ruth Perez-Ralston and James Alberson, former King and Seattle Councilmember Jan Drago, former Seattle Councilmember David Della, Hong Kong Business Association of Washington. Thank you for your support.
 Jesse Tam 
 (206) 948-9902 
 electjessetam@gmail.com  www.electjessetam.com Port of Seattle
 