City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 7
Education: Seattle Central Community College - Associate of Arts
Occupation: Seattle Police Oﬃ   cer - Community Response Group
Statement: Steward - The careful and responsible management of 
something entrusted to one’s care. As a citizen of Seattle and longtime 
resident of District 7, we have to ask ourselves, “Do we have a good 
steward in Seattle?”
When I talk about issues in this city, it is because the past decade of 
my life has been spent in all corners of Seattle, serving the public, and adapting to issues we face.
I am a Seattle Police Oﬃ   cer who works on a team called the 
Community Response Group, working to address the most diﬃ   cult 
issues the city faces. I have been an Oﬃ   cer since 2013, and was drawn 
to SPD because of my deep ties to the city.
I have lived in Seattle for over twenty years. This is my home -I refuse 
to give up on this city regardless of how bruised and battered we are. Seattle is in Crisis and needs direction. I am an Independent voice 
for common sense change. I am neither Republican nor Democrat. I represent the majority who have been without a voice for too long.
I am a United States Marine Corps veteran. I was in the restaurant 
industry for nearly two decades, mostly in Queen Anne, and won Seattle’s Best Bartender award twice. I know my constituents, my small and medium sized businesses, and I know my district.
Our community is being torn apart by fentanyl, meth and an unabated mental health crisis - and I have seen the eﬀ  ects ﬁ  rst-hand. There is a 
way out of this - and that way requires dedication to working through challenges proactively. The critical issues of public safety, addiction, mental health, homelessness, aﬀ  ordable housing, transportation, taxes, workers small & medium sized businesses and livability of this city can be found in detail on my website: marshallforseattle.com
 
 Aaron Marshall 
 (206) 601-9707 
 AaronMarshallfordistrict7@outlook.com  marshallforseattle.com 



Education: BA History and Political Science, University of Washington; 
JD University of California, Berkeley
Occupation: Seattle City Councilmember; Attorney
Statement: As the parent of a six-month-old, I’m more determined 
than ever to build a Seattle we can be proud to pass on to the next generation. In my ﬁ  rst term, I brought together unlikely coalitions to deliver results and I’ll continue that work if re-elected.
Public Safety: In my ﬁ  rst term, I increased our park ranger program 
from two to 28 rangers, fully funded the police hiring budget each year, passed an ordinance protecting ﬁ  reﬁ  ghters from harassment in the line of duty, and worked with Mayor Harrell to create a civilian behavioral health response in lieu of police involvement. If re-elected, I’ll increase these alternative responses, continue the shared commitment of the Council and Mayor to recruit and retain police, and support community programs proven to reduce repeated criminal behavior.
Housing And Homelessness : We need to get people out of 
encampments and into stable housing immediately. Working with 
Mayor Harrell, my oﬃ   ce helped create the Uniﬁ  ed Care Team, a one-stop, no-excuses shop to navigate people experiencing homelessness into shelter and resolve encampments. Encampments have been reduced by 42%, but much work remains. Over the next four years, I’ll increase enhanced shelter options like tiny houses so people experiencing homelessness have a stable shelter, rather than being displaced to another encampment. I’ll also work with city partners to build and acquire social and non-proﬁ  t housing so more people can aﬀ  ord to live in our community.
Climate Change
: We are running out of time to combat climate change. 
Seattle must confront the emergency with housing planning that 
emphasizes dense, walkable communities, electriﬁ  cation of buildings, 
and safe, reliable public transportation.Endorsements : MLK County Labor Council, 36th District Democrats, 
Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal, fmr. Labor Secretary Robert Reich, 
Attorney General Bob Ferguson, County Executive Dow Constantine, Downtown Seattle Association CEO Jon Scholes
 Andrew J. Lewis 
 (206) 593-2203 
 lewisforseattle@gmail.com  www.lewisforseattle.com
 
 
 
 City of Seattle
/circle_arrow_right Council District No. 7
Education: B.S. Mathematics, Oakland University
Occupation: Software Engineer, Amazon
Statement: I am running to build a lot of housing. The cost of living 
is high and increasing, and must be addressed by all means possible. Building more housing is the highest priority and will improve aﬀ  ordability, reduce inequality and homelessness, help mitigate climate change, create more walkable neighborhoods, and make transit more viable. Housing will also close the gap between workers and jobs, unlocking enormous economic potential. We will do this with permissive and ﬂ  exible zoning, by streamlining development processes, and by aligning tax incentives.
We must also improve our tax system. Our taxes are regressive and 
unstable, and the city faces major budget shortfalls. We should move to a land value tax, which will be more progressive, more consistent, increase tax revenue, and come at a lower cost to taxpayers. Land value taxes will encourage housing construction, discourage speculation, and ensure the public receives the full return on public investments, helping fund major transit projects.
We must expand addiction treatment services, and work to get as 
many people into treatment as possible, reducing drug use and overdoses. We must expand homeless outreach and shelter, to ensure we are consistently working with all of our large and growing homeless population and that we have space indoors for them. Nobody should sleep outside or in their car.
We must fully staﬀ   our police department, which is overworked and 
struggling to perform even its basic duties. Expanding social services will help reduce low-level property crime and save police time by addressing societal ills that the police are not meant for.
I am optimistic about our future: our problems have solutions, and 
great things are possible. I ask for your vote to start building that future.
 
 Wade Sowders 
 (206) 453-0210 
 wade@wadeforseattle.com  wadeforseattle.com 



Education: Ballard High School; Seattle Community College; SHRM 
Certiﬁ  cation, University of Washington
Occupation: Small Business Owner, Nonproﬁ  t Board Member, Mother
Statement: We urgently need change at City Hall. It’s critical to act 
now and get Seattle back on the right track. As an immigrant, a small business owner, and a mom — not a politician — I understand the 
urgency to address the failures we’ve witnessed. The blatant dismissal 
of businesses, the ignorance and arrogance at City Hall, and the turning a blind eye to our safety.
The recent string of shootings that forced me to close my bakery 
on Third Avenue compelled me to take action. I pledge to you: no more excuses on homelessness, no more defunding the police, and no more neglecting downtown. Seattle can be transformed, but it requires more than empty political promises.
As Washington’s Business Owner of the Year, I’m committed to 
revitalizing downtown by bringing back small/minority-owned businesses and vibrant community events. To address homelessness, I’ll hire more police oﬃ   cers and add new crisis responders for non-violent calls.
I immigrated to America in ‘99 and graduated from Ballard High, so 
I understand the importance of community. My family and I made Piroshky Piroshky bakeries a Seattle staple. And with 70 Seattle based employees who spread piroshky love across the country, I prioritize living wages, healthcare, ﬁ  nancial security, and work-life balance — values that all businesses should embrace.
Politics as usual is falling short, that’s why I am running to challenge 
the status quo. I’ll be a voice for ordinary families whom City Hall has neglected and pushed aside. My commitment is solely to you — the people of Seattle. I have no special interests in my corner, and I have no ambition for higher oﬃ   ce. My aim is simple: to restore common-sense in city government.
I’m Olga Sagan, and if you’re hungry for change in Seattle, I would be 
honored to earn your vote.
 Olga Sagan 
 (206) 999-7456 
 info@olgaforseattle.com  olgaforseattle.com
 
 
 
 City of Seattle
Council District No. 7
Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Political Science and Studio Art | 
Certiﬁ  ed Ethical Hacker
Occupation: Small Business Owner | Principal Private Investigator 
AgencyStatement: I have spent 25 years living in the City of Seattle. I am 
a solution-oriented problem solver  that is both able and capable of 
delivering results fast . As a resident of the Downtown Corridor,  I have 
seen ﬁ  rst-hand the escalation of violent crime, drug use, mental health 
crises, accumulation of waste, and camping in public spaces.
The City of Seattle must Elect a Leader capable of working with other 
Members and City Departments to: Implement  common sense solutions  
that will address the crises  that have left thousands on Seattle’s 
sidewalks, streets, and parks where criminal activity continues to run rampant; improve public safety while re-building trust  between the 
public safety providers; ensure all elected oﬃ   cials are held accountable 
and keep the promises they make to during campaigns; urgently 
deal with waste that continues to accumulate  around the City and its 
perimeter in order to keep Seattle green; balance a budget  
and conduct 
regular audits to ensure the needs of the general public are prioritized over ‘special interest(s)’; establish training sites
 for individuals displaced 
or unemployed in order to increase the supply of skilled workers to meet current demands; incentivize education  in areas where we are 
falling behind (STEM).
In 2019, I ran for this same position. Our Elected Oﬃ   cials are still 
talking about the same issues that were talked about over four years ago. The answer always seems to be more money, taxes, or another study. The 
City of Seattle cannot continue to just talk, study, or spend their 
way out of these problems.  It is the taxpayers who are footing the bill.
I am not a career politician nor am I owned or chosen by any special interest. My sole commitment is to my constituents . I will bring common-
sense solutions  back to our City government.   
Solutions must start now.
 Isabelle Kerner 
 (206) 271-1560 
 isabelle@isabellekerner.com  www.kernerforcouncil.com 



Education: EMPA, University of Washington Evans School; MA, 
Georgetown University; BA, Boston University
Occupation: Distinguished Naval Intelligence oﬃ   cer, stay-at-home 
dad, civic volunteerStatement: 
I’m running for Seattle City Council because I’m concerned 
about the Council’s inaction and failure on the most important issues 
facing our community. I’ll help lead our city to meet the challenges we face on public safety, public health, and homelessness. Seattle can feel 
like a thriving, vibrant community again.
I’m a ﬁ  rst-generation American, stay-at-home dad and civic leader, 
having retired as a Naval oﬃ   cer to help support my wife’s work as a Civil Rights Attorney – including the landmark case with the ACLU, overturning “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.” I volunteer with several neighborhood-level community organizations, including as Chair of the Queen Anne Community Council’s Public Safety Committee.
As the only Democratic challenger in this race , I’ll bring concrete plans 
based on our shared Seattle values. I’m a realist who believes that 
ground-level results are more important than political platitudes. 
We need to get serious about crime reduction. The Council’s pledge to 
defund SPD by 50% was irresponsible and undercut our public safety and our ability to implement reform. I support allocating additional 
resources to recruitment, training, and community policing – including 
non-police responders. 
We cannot solve our public safety issues without addressing public 
health. With increasing shelter space, it’s time to restore our public spaces and stop relying on unsafe, inhumane encampments. City Council has enabled open drug use and drug dealing in our neighborhoods including downtown, which claimed the lives of 500+ Seattleites last year. We need leadership able to partner with County, State, and Federal authorities, to add mental health hospital capacity and addiction treatment centers. We must also prioritize programs and service providers that prove they work. I’ll focus Seattle 
government on saving lives, keeping the vulnerable safe, and restoring 
our beautiful city.
We can do this! I’m Bob Kettle, and I ask for your vote.
 Bob Kettle 
 (206) 972-4777 
 info@kettleforseattle.com  kettleforseattle.com 58Signing your ballot